[Music]
How are you my friend, good night are
you? How are you, Telesalseo family?
I'm
here confirming that everything is correct,
everything. Okay, it sounds good. No, family,
confirming in the chat that everything is
playing well and that it sounds good. I don't know
if I put the camera on a little
weird. Can't you see me well? Marina? Yes, me and
I, I think everyone doesn't. Let's see.
Well, we already have our
guest here. I'm going to put her in. Okay,
[ __ ], more punctual than us. uh, more
punctual than us. We
came a little today. It's just that I got
dizzy. I have to tell you that I got
dizzy and I'm here with a coke.
Okay, I'm seeing Esperanza
down there but no. I mean, I see her username
but I don't see her. I'm going to try to
put her in. Wait, I'll see, I think she
's there for a
moment.
Good night, Esperanza
Aguirre, she didn't leave, she left.
Good night.
I'm
choppy, yes, it's choppy. Good
night. I hear you
choppy.
Well,
we also
see you choppy, it must be the connection or
something. Let's
see,
perfect.  let's see Noah me Who is it isn't
she eh is she eh it's you is it you let's
see
now now it seems like I know if it's me
but on Skype Skype
works perfectly and here it does
n't work let's see now it's
fine now it is
Yeah I think it's fine now no
me let's
see Are
you speaking I
heard you intermittently now we can hear her now now we can
hear her
well Yeah let's see Esperanza speaking well the
truth is no yes you can't hear us well no I can't
hear you I mean I hear you kind of
intermittently I don't know how you can
hear me Yeah because I can attest
that the WiFi is working fine because I
already know that bookcase in the back from
seeing it on television many times eh It's not
the first time we've seen it Yeah and yes
I do know that it's been there before I mean it's
worked perfectly
So I don't know what could be
happening I see it
fine it cuts out
eh okay I'll go I'll open skye really
quickly What happens is that we can't do it on Skype
because then Marina
No we can't make a call
three well we'll leave it for another day but
this connection for me no no  it works in
this house I have bad coverage and but I have
WiFi
Eh so
we try man or we can or we can
try if not without it with the microphone
only at least
we hear it is another option is that it is not maybe I
think well
if I to you intermittent it will go to no yes
yes it sounds bad Skype
eh we could you have Skype Marina It's
that I Skype but come on it takes a minute to
open the to open the sky it's that the
sky anymore it's not used much so I don't
have the sky but the sky will be
better than
this you have Sky marina Call me another
day
eh Skype yes you have Skype I think so
and the sky you can make
three-way calls I don't know it's that the times when I've
ever made some with the TV I
think that today could be
better it's that it's
already it's a little strange eh that you can
hear I mean it's never happened before and it's
making me really mad don't you get
mad let's see let's see but if we take off the
camera But hey I ca
n't hear anything at this moment I ca
n't hear anything hope I don't know what no what I'm
saying that if we take off the camera maybe it will be
better
connection same why can't they hear us here let's
see can't we? Hey, she can't hear us well it's a
shame but it's a shame but she can't hear us
clearly Yes
or or can you talk to her on the phone
Marina if no no because wouldn't you have to
call her no because I don't have another one
I'm on my cell phone now Ah well if
no if not we'll do it another
day it's that yes it's impossible not
clear Ah say they say through the DC chat they already say they
say through the chat that if Esperanza takes off
the camera the connection is reduced Of course
if she takes off the camera if you look it's down
below you have an icon eh it's the
camera if you turn it on you take off the camera and
then you can hear the audio and with the
audio it reduces the connection And
then at least we can
talk jo can you
hear us now now take off the camera
but I don't know how to take it off look
now you've taken it off now quit quit can you
hear us
well does she hear us
esperanza rage no Marina Yes what a
shame esperanza can't you
hear us let's see can I try through
WhatsApp through WhatsApp you can
make three-way calls No yes through
WhatsApp yes you can make
three-way calls through WhatsApp no  but How to put
the WhatsApp
here now now I manage first first
first get it no Let's see
wait I'm going to kick you both out okay
okay let's see I'm going to expel I'm going to
expel Esperanza Aguirre from the she's not going to come
out she's not going to come out but okay I'm going to
try
wait eh Marina okay Wait I'm
doing everything possible okay okay let's
see if she comes in let's see if she comes in
Esperanza you both called us at the
same time she
doesn't accept you put her in the
WhatsApp group I mean we're in a
WhatsApp group you Esperanza Guirre and I okay Yes yes yes that's the
m okay okay okay okay Yeah yeah that's
it then yeah Someday I'll tell
my children If I have
and we have Esperanza let's
see Ah but we're live of course
I say What am I doing there on the screen okay okay okay Sure sure be
careful don't
touch anything eh wait no no no no I don't
have anything that wait a moment eh of
course It's that later I think I had
another appointment I think I think it's
not going to work out but
okay I'm going to try but I think it's not
going to work
out I think it's not  it's going to come out it's
not that it doesn't come out
esperanza is talking to me on WhatsApp
also eh it's
not
coming out okay okay
wait Hi hello
Look, it seems better to me that
you download Skype and call me any
other day because it's already gotten
very late for me it's already less quarter every time you
call me we have to check
this no not at the time that it has been
left but a little before you're
absolutely right you call another
day and I will gladly attend to you
download Skype that's it come on come on
done well for the next day no we'll
give each other the skye and the next day you
call me 10 minutes before the time you have to
come in Okay done done
esperanza Thank you so much eh or not here Or here over
here also works well No no not here
no Skype Okay well Skype okay
come on great Thank you very much thank you thank you thank you
Esperanza we'll talk okay See you
now goodbye a kiss see you
later Marina come over here
I'm going What a shame
well I know we get into Tania or something
what a shame eh
Ah what a shame What a shame What  shame What a
shame to wait for Marin to come in we decide
that we do
things from the live
Marini what do we
do we have an abortion and we do it when
we meet or what Well of course
the live show has ruined us no What do you
expect me to say that if
we have an abortion and we do it tomorrow or the
day after what abortions live I don't say I ask
it's that almost the live show was that
No but what are you saying with everything
we have to tell I mean you're saying
Look at the people man please this
would be disrespectful to our
viewers I mean without hope there is
no live show Hope was a piece
of the live show that has come
out man let's see what came out for us yes it
's true that it went wrong for us
eh but
eh What a shame eh such let's see but it was it was It was for
her it wasn't going well trust
you because it's the simplest program
possible that you don't have to
install anything and it usually usually goes well How
strange that she I mean trust you because
nevertheless the WhatsApp call was
going well for her but well these are things that happen you
see but what I don't understand is how is it
possible let's see I also tell you
when I spoke to her today and I told her about
the time maybe if the next
day we do it at 10
and I understand Well,
well no but she she has been there
very very willing very available what
happens is that it hasn't worked and it was time
yes now it was time to
leave if we had 20 minutes what that it's
time we had 20 minutes No of
course we had 20 minutes But well
always you know that the guests it is
said that I can't be heard well and you are very
loud the guests that the guests
always in the end tend to stay a
little longer and that but yes I have been
left wanting to ask her things
because today she made some statements
that in fact she passed me the clip I
understood so that we can discuss it But
hey I have seen her a little angry
now I am going to write to her to see if you can
confirm for me and for the for Sunday
because of course let's see if on Sunday she
meets with her grandchildren she plays golf
and such and she has her plans we have her here
I am going to install Skype and let her give us her
Skype and we will see how how we can
do it feng normally I have and volume
like s super low  no And I laughed because we have
the volume low and wait I'm
writing eh on WhatsApp I
'm telling him
that I gave you the number now whoever
steals your phone let's go freak out let's
see man it's when you
created a group I see myself Javi oliveira
Esperanza mar you can hear Marina well you can
hear Marina well Now Marina let's see but
listen to me she handles herself well man with
technology
it's clear that she's used to handling
technologies in fact
eh Well there she is no Let's see Look she
's writing to me now Wait I'm going to meet
up with her I'm going there to
Madrid and we do it in person so that it doesn't
happen Let's go tomorrow I'm going
tomorrow if necessary I'll drive and I
fit in man we could meet up another
time I'm going in two weeks Yeah
qui we
do it a kiss to resiliencia car regga
the members this house is telling me
this house has bad coverage it only
has WiFi I'm going to tell you when we
can record it we record it Oy false
live When does it come to you
Okay Javi I can hear you very
loud and very very low regulate this a little
because I have a big voice But  I don't
want to be heard
low Look you know what we'll do it
tomorrow at any time recorded
Marina Okay nothing's wrong come on what do you
think wait Let's see about the
sound nothing's wrong let's see These are
things that happen What's wrong with the sound let's
see hello hello hello hello hello
hello What's wrong with the
sound what's wrong what's the problem
you have with the sound that you can
hear yourself very loud and very very low that you
're leaving it but let's see who has to
hear themselves
better on Friday Marina on Friday e
Well look, there it is Look on Friday
what time tell you more or less I'll
tell you a time let's see how it goes because
right on Friday let's see nothing half an
hour we didn't record it and we upload it
recorded it's already on the main Channel
Uh well no no I mean we're discussing the
subject here no esoma a kiss negrita I'm
joking let's see well let's see let's see it's possible it
can be edited and upload a little bit
pretty too don't worry people
people will support it no for God's sake for God's sake let's
see
what happens no but come on man honestly it's
infuriating  eh it's infuriating man it's really
infuriating because of course it's really infuriating
because we were wanting to ask him a
lot of things and and it's very but you
're still messing with me about the
sound no no it's true that I
hear you horribly loud eh And I'm really
telling you yes yes yes yes yes really really I'm telling you
eh And I'm
quiet and I have a really loud voice eh what does she
say what does our am say
eh is my friend Esperanza Aguirre Ah Yeah
man of course let's see let's see you can still
hear
Marina very loud you can hear her very low
Marina Marina fix the microphone Buy me
one because it's that I but let's see but yes yes yes it's it's
a piece of mobile that has to be
heard [ __ ] great let's see I'm going to I'm
going to play it here and here now how about
now how about much
better much much better of course it would be my
fault look Today we are a little
less live and on Friday at
any moment we will have a coffee
with Esperanza Aguirre she will tell us the
things and that's it You what do you want is to
go to the salsera No well it's  that I don't care
you owe it to TR No, I don't have any, I don't
have any salsa prepared Yes, I do
have a program to be here I don't know
if I'm going to cost what I'm telling you There's no
prama man listen to me Now when I
give Esperanza the time well well The day after tomorrow the day
after tomorrow we'll record it,
nothing's happening nothing's happening Let's see it's a
shame well Yes because there were a
few things and such that you know what
happens that let's see I understand that
not everyone can like
everyone but the moment you
bring a politician Because in addition we were going to
talk to her about things related to
Dana, it's like she's right-wing in
fact I promise you that I or rather in this
case had an agenda and I haven't looked at the
ideology In fact I also had Carmena
and I also have in mind if people
feel like it for her to come man, I don't know if she's going to
know much about technologies too
and if she goes But hey here there's room for
everyone and now the people start right
right he asks you to take it I say but to
I don't care if at the time
30 years ago he did I don't know what I'm saying. Let's see, we're
also interested in your point of view, and if you can
comment a little, uh, your opinion based on
40 years of work, with its good aspects,
its bad aspects, obviously, with everything,
what do you think? Well, both about the management of the government
of the government uh of the
generality, the central government. Well,
man, in the end, I mean, we're
not going to judge
this person here either, not as a politician, at
least he wasn't, it wasn't today's function. I
mean, he wasn't, but well, the people that I
understand that there have to be
all kinds of reactions, but let's face it, it doesn't matter
because I think that you're here with a
Michael Jackson resurrected and also
someone's going to put up a fight, isn't it a
bit like that? I suppose you're angry, you're not
angry anymore, yes, it just bothers me when
things go wrong when you put
interest into something and you try to make everything go
well and when it's something that doesn't depend on
you, it escapes your control. Yes, yes, I get
angry because I know that, well, Eh, well, anyway, you are
a little bit fascist, yes, you are,
but  let's see Maria Jesus Maria Jesus
Maria Jesus What does it mean to be a fascist tell me tell me
your definition of being a fascist
then I'll tell you
yes or no but let's see we were very
excited right with this interview
today yes more you than me but yes well
but let's see these are things that happen no we can't do
anything let's see she was
willing and she said come on let's go
to Skype but of course we don't have Sky it's that I
think I haven't used Sky since I mean I think I
have the Sky account linked to the
20 account at least Of course but people on
TV normally tend to use Sky
no Yes of course when I have made some
connection it was through Skype and yes it's
true that it was divine eh it was divine I mean it was
wonderful Ocelia Thank you we will
tell him we have Hope we still have
Hope Thank you Ofelia Ofelia
beautiful eh Let's see but it caught us it
caught us off guard of course it's that you
do direct with the same with the mobile
Of course of course until you give me a
computer like yours and everything like
yours with the mobile there we have to there we have
to  We have to invest, we have to invest in the
company a little, we have to give
people
order, let's make a joke, but if you almost
fired me, you did two weeks ago from your
company,
we are still in the trial period, it has been
extended, the trial period has been extended a little,
but well, we are,
there it is. You don't feel like
losing sight of me, really, no, not a
[ __ ] doubting these weeks I was
there taking stock, normally
when I leave the gym. No, no, don't
tell me, no, but don't tell your
things. F trust me, Esperanza, that I had
come, I had put on my best clothes and everything
because I say, well, let's go, well, if
those are your best clothes, I don't know what they
are when when I go to
Johnny de for Seville, I don't know what you're going to
wear in a tracksuit, you're going to see. Hey,
Johnny dep will come sometime for telesalseo,
man, it's that we are already going from step to
step, I am by Esperanza Aguirre,
we are going to record with her on Friday, we are going
up, then the next person
can and Ah, and you know that when
the other day you remember that we announced
a policy  that a
very beloved politician was going to come was no no I was
referring to Esperanza Guirre not that she
isn't but you know who I was talking about
no other other was another was another let's see she will
also come she will also come was
another who will also come who will also come who will
also come well
listen to me no no matter what eh when she
tells me at the time she tells me we
will record it and upload it and that's it and
people please support it But I'll tell you
one thing that you should get your head around Of course the one in
charge of the script here is me
and you are not the one to decide at the
beginning that because a character who was going to be
15 minutes fails
we abort a live show because that is a
lack of respect towards the people
who come here to see no but of course but
man let's see if it's true that it is kind of
kind of live that What do you want us to
talk about now about Loli Huerta you
want to talk I talk and we
react to what Loli did yesterday when she
yelled at her we'll see it yes no a little yes of
course let's see no no no no no but it's that you are Are you
or  your live was going to
happen in the 20 minutes of Esperanza
Aguirre because I have content to
give you and give you here, I mean you're
underestimating me You already underestimated me thinking
that Esperanza Aguirre wasn't going to come in I mean Look look look
what look what Egisa is telling you
the illusion that I had seeing
Esperanza live failla and a fan from
El salseo Thank you so much for trying
Thank you but I mean let's see let's see
but let's see what she canceled on us that we'll
record it tomorrow the day after when she
tells me the time she tells me
eh It's that I set a time and she has
n't answered me she said tomorrow
not Friday well Friday but that we're
going to upload it man on Friday you
have it on Friday you have it you're
taking over my friends eh Let's see it's that she
likes me she has
liked me more I doubt it because let's
see I'll tell you let's see the people you have
given us the impression like
surely if she had stayed it
would have ended The chat flirting
Javi is envy is envy I flirted
man well I could  it could be the
guests always at the end
Yes man but I don't see hope I
well that everything Yes because she is also
very very salty Hey she has
even participated in bov she has been in minger Hey
she is like a bit of the profile of
Cifuentes not of that they go from Well
uh from presidents of the community of
Madrid to occupying serious positions to
chatterboxes on television and to
multifaceted I love her
character her character then
obviously in political issues well
I don't enter I mean for that
other people who talk about politics enter
but eh Why would you close Javi lack
of respect to Marina of course It is that it is
of course if it is that the one who
has to go is him because he is thinking
about the salsera then don't
worry that I stay here it was a
suggestion Javi doing an interview
with Johnny de Johnny de in English I
see it Johnny speaks Spanish Yes but not
very well that I was good El
Hormiguero not entirely good not entirely
good more or less yes crisa without fuent they
are asking you there in the chat but
Cristina Sinu has
come Well but no No twice also
no two or three times she hasn't come twice yes
in photocall Yes but not in this new
season not in this new season
So maybe we can fulfill her
wish a kiss alma a kiss cuasar
Thank you very much to all of you who
are supporting the live good Marina
Well you say Well look I'm going to start by
saying I'm going to ask myself a question
but of course with 200 or wait I have to
update How many likes Oh
600 600 no no impossible to do this
improvised live approach it can't be
let's see 1000 likes to
make this approach and for people to give their
opinion it has to do with Roco Carrasco
I hope teleindiscreta is here who
has asked for it so much before that I don't know if she
's here but please But you who had
made teleindiscreta for us today
the announcement and everything eh who had made
tel indiscreta for us the announcement and everything of
opening to see I think I don't know if
Lili is there but the thumbnail
we have to change of
course Ah  we see we
change the titles there's nothing
to see it flows it's always used
to the outline this here this here
controlled everything flows Let yourself go Let yourself be
carried away by me you'll see how well
everything goes Yes yes yes you command you
command no don't be so rigid c we have to change we have to change the thumbnail of the title we're not going
to fool people Of course then they'll call us on the phone and get angry about the titles of course imagine we're talking to Esperanza Aguirre right now to Esperanza Aguirre the moment I see him she's going to send me she's going to tell me man it seems terrible to me Wait wait put one in the chat Carmen harsh
statements from Esperanza Aguirre between the
ch colon
Skype well queos the chat with
Esperanza appears let's see
well let's see well let's see
the chat was good no but she very eh she was very
willing because she for example I
told her Well we talked by bos
Only she no no she wanted with
cameras Notice that there are always many
times when there are guests who want us
with a camera and such And it always makes you
more happy when they come with a camera no and
she she wanted  do it right then he
says Okay let's meet another day e Okay
leonia a kiss it's okay Look I
recommend Javi do You relax flow
do a little like that yes yes breaths
calm down because now me but go to do
n't go leaving the group that we have
with Esperanza Aguirre on WhatsApp but
what photo are you going to post have you seen the one she
has on WhatsApp it's
great I'm going to post a photo to the
WhatsApp group and we're going to have it
forever what I was going to say thank goodness no no let's
see for me Yes I like the group let's
see what you called it No I haven't
given the group a name yet we
have to ask her When she comes she
hasn't given a name to me it comes to me it comes to
me she has given it a name she hasn't
given it a name
esperanza and
Javi esperanza and Javi quo
with you but the name of the group I mean
me I have another group of friends below me and
in which the three of us are for
Esperanza but it would have been very clear I
was there I was going to make the typical joke
no when the connection wasn't working but it happens I
say I don't know how it will sit with her no
hope hope the last thing you
lose Oh hope and  Javi what Lorena
well come on nothing happens nothing happens
Look I'll tell you something else you have an
exclusive too now that darn yes yes yes
no and then please I want to make
a proposal from Roco Carrasco but
when we reach 1000 likes let's see what
people think this is a debate I
want you to be the first okay Okay
says Lili there's no nerve let's see Lili
Lili you have to you have to ask
iden please to change the
thumbnail okay pom
Put Marina and I'll leave it as it is Okay
but instead of putting one window with
Esperanza Aguirre Put four windows
okay Tell her to put four windows next to us
Pedro Snchez Roco Carrasco
Antonio David and Tania no no no
please I'm not going to talk eh Don't
piss who
this is c this is Coca-Cola I swear I hate it
I do hate alcohol eh I don't
V cilis that no it's been 15 years since I've had
alcohol Tania the mt4 chill Pedro
Snchez yes he gets on another one that one yes he
runs away wherever Tania is
screaming but I've seen in Gualapo but it
's a fake the stick with which
someone supposedly grazed Pedro
Snchez for 2300 but it must be a
fake La Tania no eh La Tania no pom Ah
but Snchez Roco Carrasco ant dav and and
what Lola Lolita says and for the title
we put last hour and sad ending to
wait no no Wait wait Wait wait
I'm missing a character to put the
thumbnail of Ah damn channels channels
Rivera channels Rivera channels
Rivera channels Rivera and the title Lili and
the title pom
as always Put the microphone to the side
with Marina esnal two points we lost
hope no but we can't put that let's
see it's going to sound funny of course or yes
sad
Goodbye I'm joking Don't even think about it no
joke joke joke eh joke this
is not the salsera
listen to me no meer see we lost
hope
e no no people don't want us
people don't want us to put that no no no no
no well let's see bomb bomb from Roco
Carrasco exclusive about channels well and that's it's
not going to finish you off  send the title
with that ok Oh my God it's not that it's not that it's not that we do
n't have topics
to discuss I have eyelashes
ready because I was going to be live
and And we have things to react to
let's go yes if you want you don't want to see what
Deana Morilla what happened to her no I've already
seen it no don't make me go through that
embarrassment please it seems like an
embarrassment to me I don't want to ask you
something I want to ask you something about Roco
Carrasco I
can Well I don't know what's wrong with the camera
I think that's everything today the day has gone bad for us
But look deep down then it has
good things in the end it has its let's
see of course it's that in reality there are times
that normally not eh Because the
program that we use It's simply to
enter the link and that's it but when
we see that it's a person maybe
with technology but let's see that their
connection anyway nothing happens
yes Only real Coca-Cola eh if you would
n't say it is that I can't stand I can't
stand alcohol I am teetotal 1
year ago says indiscreetly that  you behave
no let's see it's just a it's a
bombshell it's not a plan that
everyone had thought of and that
I've said
here they've sold us something and we
're realizing that they've
lied to us nobody
falls for it Yes man me because I know but
well let's see if people fall for it let's see if
the indiscreet one falls for you But you think that they've
lied to us or that or that there's a
plan let's
see [ __ ] but if it's true eh
man it's
that no no no but there it does a ball Eh
yes yes it's that I don't
know let's see See It's that people man of
course and I thought it was more complicated
let's see the mess there are people who have
fallen Eh yes everyone is worth it how
is it possible
that in the month of April Roco Carrasco
my God how long has it been since I
mentioned her no F joking eh eh Roco
Carrasco announced that
eh For the 25 years that she has been with Fidel
Alval she was getting married this year in church
with revealing some details including
the possibility that Terel Lu Campos
was the godmother in  the
guests obviously know each other those who don't
too and that it's November 6th and there's
not going to be a wedding the wedding has been cut short
Why will it be next year it won't be what
has happened because
obviously we haven't seen
her or Fidel again I understand that they
will continue with their normal lives quietly
out of the media spotlight they have earned
enough money I think that's great and I was
About to ask someone today who I
know knew but I
said No because
that person must not be having a good time I say I'm not going to bother them
with this issue but I said
HM Why why do people think the
reopening of the abuse case is with the
series about her parents and the concerts
t indiscreet
with the series about her parents that remembers
Javi Remember that she gave you the
exclusive without knowing it I told you and we
let it go until she already told it do
you remember in in in in Seville when they
were in Seville that she told you and
and I'm telling you and we let it
go and such eh Yes but she said this year  and
the concerts Well yes the concerts
yes it's true the truth is that she
always goes to all of them but I don't know she
said it very convinced like she was very
happy like the vood will give this year
and such that maybe the godmother is not
going to be Terelu and it's going to be Tel
Indiscreta and we have missed something and
Tel Indiscreta has more of no it's a
joke this M is in Barcelona why
why do I think that Tel Indiscreta look
now she knows more than me I have already
lost her dissim they are going to but what with
what And why the mother Terelu and not her
mother because her mother is dead they are going to
Silla also because of the tour I don't understand the
contract Pilar has asked why the
godmother is the one her mother daughter of my
life
Ah the concert that they are in Barcelona
right now
e let's see I think that was an idea a
proposal and they did an exclusive
of a proposal but it doesn't even
have a date of course it's how we are going to get
married we have decided but not yet they have
not planned it or anything like that
already  they will do it or rather it was just an interview
Ah Fidel's mother
my goodness
eh Well good question good
question it's true we're talking about
the groom's mother it's true it's true and
The Godfather Who would it be Yes well that would be
protocol Of course but then
feelings nobody rules Yes let's
see The Godfather was someone from the family
could it be again the uncle who was the
same uncle as Amador balls Antonio
he called this guy who was a carbon copy of
Father Antonio I spoke with him several times
charming eh And look at him with Roco he
is charming charming the truth is
things as they are
em but come on The Godfather Antonio David
says l Lolita Yeah man we know if that
wedding happens we know who isn't going to
go and who is going to go I mean there will be There will
be more people from the
TV factory than the Royal Family Like in the like
in the inauguration of the museum let's
not man Albac Carrillo the Campos
maybe we'll even see Sofa Suescun at the
wedding if it is that I am already like surreal
But well but well each one invites
whoever they want obviously That is a
reality November 23rd in Barcelona
perfect we have tickets I  if I want them I
get them because I know who's wearing them in
fact I get emails I get emails
about the promotion of the concerts of the
people who wear them and such or and
some images of Roco Flores and
Olga Moreno have been seen today because of
course yesterday Roco uploaded some stories
that we were watching here live it
's necessary Sorry sorry sorry they say
when she needs money she'll
sell the wedding Of course she doesn't have any left
but it's totally legal but
just like the Hola magazine has done war
that eh it will be in Hola I suppose at
this point seeing how Lola is I mean
yes it will be in elola evidently yes it will be
well also because the
church is not the same as the civil
although it was also the previous occasion it
was like that Of course it will be in elola and
what happens is that since the
media family is not there obviously
the cachet is not going to be there it's not the same as her Fidel
and and the Campos Although Yes but the Campos
are not well seen either in Ola
so wow it's not the same all the
media part that is better known
Although it does not have the cachet in Ola that
she does either  Fidel and Alba Carrillo born in the
Ola you know it's not the same you know it's
like the wedding of Carmen Borrego's son it
's not the same a cover of
Carmen Borrego's son and Paola than with Abel
with with Mara Teresa with the Campos
with you know it gives it much more value but
but yes he only put one story from
there but not with Olga no I mean no No with Olga
No with Olga
no but of course you understood it as if it
was Olga Moreno because when he talks about
if it would have been another Olga he doesn't say my
friend Olga but no no he says I'm with
Olga and I'm going there I don't know what not
talking as if assuming that
everyone who saw the story that
story that story or I mean you
put that here Oh do you want to see it yes let's see the
past life but they say that Olga
is in Malaga I mean I don't know to
what extent it is very
compatible but that Olga is in Malaga
when today they are saying and
how do people know where Olga is has uploaded to
ig I don't know I have not entered her
Instagram eh
Roco Flores shared this
yesterday that  says Roco Flores will take a
van with food to those affected by
the DAN So let's see this in
particular, a super important thing. Okay,
definitely. I've decided. Tomorrow I'm
leaving for Valencia. After being
here for a week trying to help
everyone as much as I can, we've
decided that tomorrow we're leaving for
Valencia. So, two things, one, all the
people who want to and who can. I,
personally, am never in favor of
asking for money from absolutely anyone or
anything. This is simply for
informational purposes in case any of
you want to, uh, help in any way
and for transportation, work, or
whatever, you can't go all the way to Valencia. You
can leave everything you want because we already
know everything that is needed right
now, shovel, materials, uh, boots,
mask, gloves, etc. Yes, it's true. Let's
see,
quite a few everyone, some are sick,
social distancing. In the morning, the curious one is that. Oh,
but I was saying it in the car, wait, I was saying it in a
car, flowers, hand in
hand,
good motorhome, and we're going there.
I left Olga and more
people there in the curious one, they continue
collecting things, people continue arriving
so that Olga stays in Malaga and that she was
going  Cartama that in Cartama I have two
friends that I'm going to
write to, of course, I mean, I left Curiosa
collecting things, of course, maybe she's not
with her Maybe she's there
collecting things or whatever, she's
not waiting Because I'm asking
because Cartam is small and I was
doing a lot there, the truth is I just
asked a friend who lives in Cartam who is doing very
badly, 20 minutes from bad
How heavy So yes, but let's say it doesn't matter,
regardless we know that there is a
relationship and obviously with the way
that he's not the king of this but of
course
in Paiporta
but if they just said that he's in
Malaga he's not sharing stories, no,
of course he's sharing stories like we
all share things from
there unless it's Claro, of course, he's
sharing unless he's referring to
another Olga, but the way he
said it in an Olga-like way, you know, it
sounds very familiar, I doubt that suddenly
her best friend's name is Olga,
the person there is writing to me, let's see, she's
spreading the word But what's the point, tiido
letter, the thing is faded, are you all
okay? Let's see  what does
ca tell me I'll tell you let's go if she is
wait Hey look at my tesa other 10
member beautiful a kiss tesa We love you we have
Hope well
we had Javi you are so negative
really I'm telling you co we had
tomorrow our friend in
the
group will answer us La Marina is all muddy and
destroyed from the water but we are
all fine thank you thank god I
just heard about Cartama and she is
waiting for me Marta is in Malaga but because of the
documentary that airs
tomorrow Marta
Riesco Malaga Marta Riesco is in
Malaga Well but this what of Yabu is
all this let's see and in fact we are going to
discuss it in fact we are going to talk about
that subject let me while
your friend is answering you I'm going to I'm going to
ask me about me and my grandmother I say
no no no that it matters here Let's see no
no let's see let's
see what he tells me that Cartama is smaller little
Sara Thank you for being here
almost three years in telesalseo you arrived
before I arrived So thank you
for continuing I have been here longer than you
Sara yes let's see
wait of course  now she can't
talk about the
gym gosh Ah people in every thing Let's
see wait
eh meanwhile Clara Lolo 36 months gosh
has surpassed has surpassed Sara but
we love them the same and also Clarissa and Lolo
are legendary I see them a lot around here let's see I don't
see Carrasco up to her neck in mud
Hey maybe she's helping I say
with some good stuff because she's
teleindiscreet let's see if she's going to block me she's
not here let's see I think we're going to have
information eh Let's see let's see it takes a
long time to write
Javi cheer up co Marina is leading the
way I always lead her and when it's not
because I'm a little sad I can't
pretend anymore but Luca Pons 35 months
they are biting eh how suddenly
someone sees 40 months I stay like that then
if I have a
beer
Ah of course Tell me it doesn't exist This
was in August 3
years is 36 the maximum 5 36 the maximum
months Sure of course Ah it's the maximum no 36
a girl has been around
eh I think that of course 36 more or less the
TR
years what does V tell you that there are no deaths,
which is the main thing, everything that is in the
riverbed is what Jo is not worth. I think he
doesn't know about the subject, they are getting angry,
eh ccp 197 member for 36 months and
Virginia B who also sounds more familiar to me 16 That one has been there for a
little over a year, since
I arrived then
Lour Hierro who is also getting angry,
36 months, watch out Anica and her things 34,
someone gives more, let's go to bingo, zero
like Olga Moreno, her day do you remember the
number of times Javi feels like laughing
tonight
Zero in July, not in July, we don't think about
August, we think about August
Javier is sad Yes, I see it too, you
are very out of touch, the news is
different, imma. You tell us what the
news is. Because Manuel lvarez Snchez has been there for
34 months, it is great news for
the channel,
ir resilience, sentenced 240, who has been
sentenced 240, member for 14
months, to the entire community. Well, let's
stop reading, member, and let's chat.
I'm not saying, eh, but son, I say. Oh, thank you.
Claudia you've been here for
months what we've given people
tell them tell people what's wrong with you
everyone tells you they see you sad no
[ __ ] you're there reading about this we
're waiting for them to respond we're
here chatting about reading all the people
hitting the button
says one Javi you're more discouraged than a
camala
[Laughs]
Harris the first video was on
July 22nd Well let's see tesa that's
practically August but the maximum is
36 months of
course says Lili what an extract I just can't take it
anymore I can't take it anymore Esperanza
euterpe come on no I'm not going to read anymore
but people say that you look pale
because you're dizzy I'm not here
waiting no no no I'm not waiting for you to
tell me what they're telling you on
WhatsApp no nothing about that subject
nothing I mean I think it's
okay at least I mean you don't know anything
about whether
Olga has been there no because
she's asking me about me I don't want to
talk about me let's see but what are you
asking her about what you want to know
with that person what's the first thing about how
they are That thank God they are too and
Secondly, if Olga has been there, haven't they
mentioned that Olga had been in CTAMA
or am I
dreaming? I ask, been in the
letter, let's
see? No no no no no
no Javi Don't be sad, I love you, I
'm not sad V, don't be sad. What's
the next topic we're going to talk about?
Marta, about the documentary, okay? By the way,
speaking of which, tomorrow there's a documentary
on ten about the subject, wait because
the name is a bit too much for me? Sandra
Mozarowsky. Ah, today a
psychologist came out talking about the subject and Trium and
Trium, that's the click I was going to put, okay,
let's put the click of Trium. Eh, well,
this is mind-blowing, right? I mean, Trium with
Trium with Mara Patio, at what
point did you expect this, this
crossover, a bit, no, the poor guy. Let's see, I've
known about this for a few days
because they contacted him and such,
and I've known about it for a few days, but no, I
couldn't tell you, the only thing I put
was a text saying, stay tuned
for Slvame today, not for Nick, that we were
going to go because there's a surprise, and well,
this was the
surprise.  with trium arts well
for you what do you expect from the
documentary what would you like it to
resolve for you
no I haven't seen it like none
of my colleagues but I understand that
the big question of whether they
threw her away or she was thrown away is not going to be resolved basically because
the autopsy and I haven't seen it nor have I
had access to it I think that is a
point that is not going to rule out or
stop confirming no basically because
the autopsy is going to tell you that she died
I imagine from the fractures that she had in her
skull the hemorrhage the
cranial hemorrhage and so on and what it can
reveal is whether or not there was a pregnancy
Because that was a rumor and really there is
no official documentation yet that
certifies it then the fact of
death really should not be based
in this case on the autopsy but
rather the previous criminalistic study I
mean I mean there is a parabola in the
fall of Sandra falls if you are watering
the plants and you fall
she also falls with her left side she was left handed she
was right handed if you fall straight down because you are
watering the plants you do not have a
parabola forward but  that you fall
right below where the plants are
if they push you you have a parabola And if
you jump too then I think that
maybe if
a criminalistic study has been done in that documentary and we
know exactly the point where he fell
we can know if he fell or threw himself down.
Look, what has caught my
attention the most and look at some things I
had already heard about since
this documentary was announced, which will be
broadcast tomorrow here at 8 pm on
ten, is that there has been evidence, in other words, do
you know that there was evidence
that was
destroyed? No, not me. Well, you uh Juan,
you haven't told me and I want to see what happened to
Marta. Because Marta has interviewed, I
think she's the sister. Wait, it's
her nephew, so you
know the case, she
was your sister-in-law. It's an
investigative report where unknown clues will be given
with unpublished evidence. What do you
think? It seems very
good to me because I don't know how my
sister-in-law's mother endured so much suffering.
What do they say in the family? What are they saying?
Well, the truth is that my sister-in-law doesn't
comment much because that's but between
us  or that she was pregnant they
said she was pregnant but you
knew as family members yes I mean she
told the family we found out she
told my brother and my brother didn't
Sand or rather Sandra told
her brother Sandra no Sandra's sister
Sandra's sister tells her
brother that she was pregnant
But who is this lady
Wait I'm talking to
Marta I thought Marta had gone to
interview the lady Oh look here's my
trium uncle it's that I hadn't said that
documents had been destroyed already I already
realized I saw you live
that he wanted to put you there he
wanted to
J Wait I need I need to
ask
How because of course it's surreal I mean
Understand me it's seeing
trium with Mara Patio on the same level eh after
the conversation we had the other day
here about gossip of the first of gossip that we
discovered that he has a side his side
How was that cyber meeting no that
your feelings your feelings in the
world of gossip mixed with true
crime like How how did you feel I
need some first statements as a
man  please let's go it's heavy it's
heavy well let's see but they've been they've been
smart they've been snooping on YouTube The
TR crime youtubers and and they've given to
see but the other girl I didn't
know was from TR crime I mean the other
girl is Mimi xxl no I mean tomorrow is going to be
Trium and Mimi xxl that girl I didn't
know was into true crime I
thought that girl was like
I didn't know her eh lifestyle and
and things like that well sometimes you don't have to
pigeonhole there are people
who specialize in one thing then they
realize or or go in another direction and they're
just as valid but well yeah Look
maxing Huerta we saw him commenting on
heart in Ana Rosa and then we saw him from the
brief minister and then he wrote some
books on another subject and
incredible novels And the thing is that there are people who are good at
everything but well yes yes yes Marta
Caballero of course Marta Caballero
has a series on YouTube called Micidi but she
's calling me Jos wait I'll take it what
Jos triun
Ah Jos What's up
son clo first impressions I'll
give you live dude  on the phone if I can be
heard but tell him say come in Tell him to come
in through the link do you want to come in I'll give you
the link Hey you know the first one I
asked was you I didn't know any
of this tell me send you the
link by call by call I'm going to
wait but I'm going to send him the link so he
's here even if it's by
call you know eh a kiss Monse a kiss
Monse no But because if not you can't
you can't talk wait I'm going to
forward it clo
eh
Ah why don't we put him in the group with
hope we have Sandra look I have the
title I have the
title
Ah Marta Riesco is coming in call her Pass her to the
link she just told me call
her too Put her in too no no she'll
finish it for me Oh
my God what's going on Miose and I but how are you going to
go how how did you go to save me
before us in the end let's see
what happened let's see I know they
called me no it was aer I told you I'm telling you
Hey they've told me about this
program and such that they want to talk about the
Sandra issue  movies and so on, well, a
while ago, not really,
but they had called me to
go in
tomorrow. Are you the man that
Mara Patio said she had
an affair with this afternoon and then went to buy a
celebrity magazine and realized he
was married? 4 years ago
That's the one I found out about
because I was in advertising they gave me
11 minutes of advertising and I heard
Paula Vzquez no no but it's not me it's not me
I'm the Paula Vquez from Ah Paula
Vzquez okay Yes yes I have that
open here Yes yes but I found out because
the lunci was there that they sent me 11 minutes
that Marta Riesco is calling me that you
put it in Pass her the link that Tell her that I'm going that I'll put it in that she
changes the thumbnails again
I'm going tomorrow tomorrow they called me
because tomorrow I'm going after the documentary
mm talk about the subject of this one of
Sandra's movies that I don't know if I'm going to
ruin it for her because I truly know
that I'm morbid, I mean I'm not going for the
morbid plan the plan of such and such
and I'm going  what I'm getting at and well I have
my theories this afternoon we have spoken
little I don't know if we will speak more tomorrow
we'll see but what do you think Marta
Riesco Triun I don't know Marta Rigo I'm
sorry How But you know who she is I don't know Who she is
no but don't tell her tell her
Oh my God but she's going to get on No
now she's going to be here on the call with
us knows who she is I don't know who but
tell her that Tell her that you know her please
please she doesn't have to either because she knows
me but if she's in Malaga tell you
Malaga in fact maybe it was
her with those who are in
Malaga she she's the one who maybe
she recommended you because she's
very into YouTube and such and maybe it
was her but listen to me Uh well let's
see her when
J have you have
seen evidence that
evidence has been destroyed or something like that no
and and the other the other answered yes
because that in the
end but let's see me if I have given
time explained some things let's go to
those of us who are
used to crimes The
Black chronicle death of the year 7
peel of a death from the year 77 If you
go now to look for much bigger crimes
Like for example the Galindos
there and you are missing half the file
The file is no longer there you go to look for
papers of the crime of the Marquises of
Urquijo and half the file is missing
you are going to look for a death that was
classified as suicide Sorry I
said the word I'm going to screw you this I
know and and that type of of I don't even believe
that the summary is already there besides imagine
one thing Imagine that it had been a
crime crimes prescribe after 20
years this prescribed in the year
97 of course I mean the evidence is destroyed
you What do you think you take evidence
and you're going to have it in a police station where
the evidence is kept 25 million
years there comes a time when if it is
no longer necessary because no one is going to be judged
the crime ends up being destroyed it
prescribed in 97 if it had been a
crime So I believe what I gave I
said to these people Today is the
documentary of  tomorrow is not going to reveal
absolutely anything, I already said it, I don't
know, I haven't seen it, but I already said it
because it is impossible to know from an
autopsy if the person was killed or
killed themselves because in the end death
is due to
falling, they fell out of the window,
which is the only way to know if they
jumped or if they threw them or if they
fell. I mean, you have to differentiate
three things here, you have the
voluntary fall, that is, Sorry, the
western fall where she bends down, rolls over the
plants and falls, or the voluntary fall,
whether by herself or by a third person.
Oh look, my face sounds familiar, I didn't know it.
But well, but this, what is it,
but this crossover,
stand horizontally, please, let's see
like this, wait.
Ah, oh, now We are. Hey, but what is this
crossover, I mean, this? This is a
fantasy, man, Alejandro. Hello, good
night. Hey, you sing so beautifully. Please,
thank you very much, sweetheart, my goodness.
So there is no way to know, eh. From
the autopsy it doesn't make any sense. Of
course, because people.
Eh, the damage can be the same, not being
pushed or being thrown by herself, the
only thing that is  you can know It's no longer I do
n't know if it was done in its day
for example Imagine that the
first version that they give is that of
watering the plants it's cto ces
accidentally You don't have a
forward displacement but you fall straight down and you
fall right where the
plant is if you jump you don't jump straight down
you jump forward then
what I was saying this afternoon a parabola
that you described for jumping And if they
throw you do exactly the
same Okay then the only thing we
could differentiate if in the
documentary they did it because they have the
exact point where that girl fell is if she
falls accidentally or falls
voluntarily and voluntarily it could
be by her or by a third person
it's impossible to know
and my Marta what is she doing
there in Malaga Hello my friend well look
here looking for Sandra Mozarowsky's family
now not
Ah let's see I know he takes his job very
seriously I say but no Now what's going on
beautiful because Javi has already found her
then already done the cure arrive and will
be we have seen it we have
seen it yes eh I have nothing  many things to
tell you but I can't tell you ah Only
that you're going to freak out eh You're going to freak out with
what happened tomorrow eh with the investigation they've
done and it's very strong it's very strong
Yes I'm a little scared I say let's see
if now they're going to do something to me you know
but but well the documentary is when
they finish as if we were No yes the
documentary is when they finish as if we
were and they've done what I'm telling you I
mean there's documentation like eh that there's
no doubt that
strange things happened let's say that And
obviously part of it wait we put ourselves
here because if not I can't talk
and walk eh an important part of this
is that the family has never wanted to
speak about it so they
sent me to Malaga because part of the
family is here in Malaga and it was time to arrive
and locate it So tomorrow you'll see how
the investigation continued And
the situation is strong the truth is I think they've
been brave to tell it I think it
was a secret you also for a lot of the
journalism and now they're going to
talk about things with
papers it's true that the father was in the
house when he falls  No, of course, but more than
that, it's going to be made public, and I say this
because nothing will happen if I say it,
the medical report that Sandra comes in with is going to be made public, so I
think that it's
not the one that the doctor gave back then, that
is, a fracture of the left side of the
skull, temporal rock,
left arm, left rib, it's not, it's
part of that report and never. Better said,
otorrhagia, cerebral damage, they haven't been released
until
now. I say certain words and certain
things
where the doctor has little doubt about what
had happened, seriously, yes, but little
doubt about boredom that he falls out of the
window, I mean, to say, the doctor can't
know if he fell, they threw him,
the injuries are fallen, no, I can't
go into that because tomorrow it will be
revealed, there are only bruises on the
body prior to a previous attack, but I do
n't know if I'm explaining myself, but what is the
blow, the blow, I mean, it means the
injuries from the blow, the medical report
says a series of words, so to
speak,
where it leaves between seeing what happened,
how could those fractures have occurred, you
know, okay? Okay, then, nothing, in the
end, what I was telling you  This afternoon I went
to the program They connected with me in a
pastry shop that is We just saw it We
saw it We saw it and of course this
woman at the end Well she was
telling me then I had a coffee with
her and such and we were talking a bit
about things and tomorrow you'll see but it's
going to be interesting if I tell you the
truth I didn't know anything about this
case nothing more than the rumors Well yes
they said that she was with the king I don't know
that or maybe but I hadn't gotten around to
looking into the subject and when I
found out that they had obtained
unpublished documentation I said wow You
know it's not just gossip but there are
written papers that have never been released
so I found it super interesting the
truth is tomorrow I'm going to be spending
the morning visiting
Sandra's family a bit
and I'm interested in how
the family is taking this investigation because
obviously it's a bit like what
I'm talking about with Alejandro at dinner if
a relative of mine 20 or 30 years old I don't care how many
years have passed and
then certain things are discovered that had been
discovered to us before I would
like to know what happened  Of course, there won't be any
criminal consequences
because it's been 30 years, no, but
well, 30 haven't passed, it
happened in 77, 77, we talked about one thing
the family didn't know. Yes, I mean, the
medical report, the immediate family would have it, the
father, the
mother. That family in the end didn't make
that report public, yes, but I don't want to
tell you that the family was caught by surprise
to the point that they didn't
want to tell anything to the
immediate family, but the father, the
mother, the brother and sister
would have to know because, as I can tell you, I'm
very interested, I'm
very interested, uh,
in knowing what they think. Well, the brothers, for
example, of all the new things that have come
out, but I wonder, I
wonder why this case, I mean, why
this whole issue is coming to light now, you know,
Barbara Rey, about Barbara Rey,
the way has been opened, well, the king is no longer
the king, you understand, he is, he is just another
person, we no longer have to pay
homage to him. I mean, he is just another person and
now we have to say things as they are,
so, what did he have, didn't have a
relationship with  This woman, well, we'll have to
know. Well, we'll have to know.
Something graphic is going to be discovered there, Marta,
about whether or not she had something with the
emeritus king. Man, there are
many, there are many testimonies, of course,
but
irrefutable up to there. I can't tell you. I
can't tell you because I don't have permission
to tell you these things, but
obviously everything that we
're asking ourselves is going to go away. We're going to
talk about it
tomorrow, but it's been an
investigation team from the program, they've been there
practically, I don't know if it's a year
with this whole issue. So, it's people who
haven't left. I mean, they don't do anything without a
reason, you know, it's people who always
carry around like documentation, a series
of things, to me, if you could see the
dossiers that they've given me, and when I
was on the bird, I'm crazy, I want to
see them. It's important what the
experts say. I know that forensic experts are going to come out and
that's because I heard it in the
preview and that is important to see,
but for me, if she had a relationship with the
king, she wouldn't have it. When the time comes, the
interesting thing is to know if they'll throw her out
or if she'll throw herself out. Well, that's for you, well,
no. Of course, well.  of course
but then we will look for the strip then
we will look for who throws it but the
important thing first is to know if it is going to be
clear about all of this is in the end a channel
whatever the only one today that
dares to do this type of investigation like that you
know Yes but the problem is in what
sego of confirmation we have It is that this
is very complicated to see in those of us who are
dedicated to TR We have to be
very clear about what sego of confirmation we have I
mean the evidence They are
looked for to fit into a version
that we already have pre-established or we have
been neutral That is where we go when
we see the documentary is what we have to
analyze what can fit clearly one
thing it can be an accident or it can be
means it can be an accident or it
can be a crime the thing is does
the crime fit us more or does the accident fit us more it is
going to be sufficiently
Clear that it is a crime or they are going to say it
could also be a crime of course that That is
the circumstance from my
point of view of course
eh For me it is clear that the story
is not as it has been told as it has been
told But obviously then you will have to
wait to see if the evidence that is
presented convinces us because  you
know everything eh what I'm telling you from what I've had
access to which is the
family well you'll see is that I can't
say much more because if you want
when the documentary is on I'll give you my my
my version eh after seeing everything but I do think
that it is a super
interesting documentary where a
strong investigative work has been done where
the people who have
obtained those documents have been brave and above all
the people who are going to show them
because in the end we are talking about let's say it's that we
are talking about the
emeritus king that I want to tell you that we
are talking about tell me let's see we know what
we do do you consider that the
documentary has a
sensationalist yellow bias it's no longer valid no no no
no I think that in the end eh
When I am hooked on all the
true crimes Okay so in the end it's
like Netflix when it takes something that
happened 30 years ago and releases it you know
well this is the same it is something that
happened many years ago and now
with eh
the media that we have updated with that at that
moment in which there is not
so much well that there is practically no
censorship there is censorship  but not like the one that
was before because they have decided to take out all
the documentation dare and then
each one Well they will have to judge what they
believe what they don't believe by the way
Marta how are you in Malaga with your boyfriend the
truth is that I am super good very good very
happy so much that he didn't come around here
and very happy Hey what do you think about tomorrow
your partner who who well Jose it's that I have
n't even noticed nor have I noticed
yet I mean I haven't noticed anything he was not there I was
on the live and I haven't
noticed anything if I tell you the truth
well tomorrow tomorrow he will be around
your partner Hey you look very pretty eh
that means you're happy I'm very happy I'm
very happy then they say about
your filters And yes it's true that you look
gorgeous What filters what
filters you have handsome
up Thank you very much it's true that I'm
very happy I think that in the end I know [ __ ] it's
noticeable you know when there are times
that I see myself like a long time ago I had
like that crazy look and it makes me feel
sorry you know So it's true that
now I'm not crazy anymore let's see what
the camera covers us now it's let's see do you
have your  point Marta will always
have it but like I always say it
lately if you're about to go crazy you
're telling her Thank you very much
for your character your character your
character but what I'm saying who has seen you
And who sees you how you can tell when a
person is well and happy and when a
person is not, I mean and it's a pleasure but
come on it's a pleasure no, no, no, with it
has nothing to do with it neither professionally nor
personally nor anything I mean how
wonderful the truth is that I am superb I
have promised you that I will be with you in
a live show and I will be there I swear to
God eh talking about everything about everything about everything
that I know that Victor has been No yes to be there
twice already and Beln She told me she was going to be there
but then later nothing
but well I understand that everyone
wants to that not everyone wants to you
know how Well look I'm going to tell you something I
just spoke to her on the phone she
called me eh I think a I know
now s Half an hour ago so you can see
if she's a good companion she called me to
give it to me Congratulations on the testimony
that you had gotten Oh it's cool  So
in the end he did it privately
so that But I say it because
good things also have to be said in
life and we were having a conversation he
called me and said Hey, I'm
just calling to tell you that what a great
testimony you've made, girl, it's
really so good that we've
all been freaking out I don't know what and I
really appreciate that people are like that
and I have to say it is that who would have said it
eh Who would have said it eh I'm telling you
friend my arm hurts okay okay I'm
going to go for a walk Around Malaga before I leave
have a good time Javi I love you very much
you know it Yeah man how could I not
love him if I'm sick of being here
Marta Marta Marta Marta Marta what there is is what there is is what there is we've
both been through a lot so
nothing I'm sending you a big kiss and I hope
we can see each other soon I'm sending you a Here
's your home goodbye beautiful kiss a
kiss and Alejandro Alejandro Alejandro it
's also true goodbye sing us a
song sing us
beautiful but
I can't understand this crossover today I can't
understand I mean I can't understand this
Jose you know but to me he doesn't tell me that
I'm very handsome eh
but it's that I don't need to
tell you you have a charm that Javi doesn't
have but it's that you and I have spent too
many hours together
too many nights together and when there is
trust it leaves you it leaves you with affection
but Jose you know that
Esperanza Aguirre has been here tonight no [ __ ]
well well let's see H tell her about the
group tell her about the group the program
Today was with Esperanza Aguirre what
happens is that the woman had a bad connection
and Well then we're meeting on Friday
we're meeting on
Friday Look at the title of the est have they
put the
thumbnail yet no no no no and that Javi for Hey
a kiss to Roman Thank you very much Roman
and also to Nica Sorry that when
the four of us there was no room to put it on
screen Javi I wanted to pretend like
the connection wasn't working well he
made a video call on
WhatsApp and created a
WhatsApp group with Hope him and I and he
puts me here Hope and  Javi It's that I can't get
over it It's that I can't get
over life, right? It's really
screwed us up a bit that we
came in with a No, but seriously, she's come in, she's come in,
eh, she's left
Look at her lips with the
medical records I want to see those medical
records man, let's see the
factories are very good eh Actually,
a medical record that determines that
strange things happened, previous fractures,
wounds, [ __ ], yes there's nothing like that,
but if there is, it's a part that tells you what it
was. I mean, it determines
irrefutably that she was thrown
instead of having fallen, which of course, let's see, I
'm not an expert, you're the ones who
know more but there's no way
unless she has previous blows from a
fight,
previous blows or the marked fingers that they
grabbed you, they threw some scratches,
bruises from before the blow, but
you have to have something, she has a blow
on her lower side,
the left side, okay, it falls, it would be
interesting to know if she was left-handed because there was
talk about the plants. Maybe it's true. She
's watering the plants, you fall and  you hit
with the left side it falls in a second you
don't have time to turn around whatever the
moment is that you fall you fall then it will be
interesting surda it would be interesting
a lot of things but if it says that there is a
medical report that will clear up our
doubts it would be interesting to see it I
really want to see it because I'm telling you
that when there's a rush it's
super complicated to know if he jumped or
if they threw her eh What time is the
documentary at 8 at 8 what do you
think Jos about this case really
[ __ ] what do you think about this case what there is
to see here there is one thing that I
was talking to a coroner and he told me
maybe in the end any
theory is worth it Did he jump, did they throw her or did he fall
we can't argue after so much time
anymore no
eh first if we go to the to the
newspaper archives and see How many lovers has
the king had and see How many has he
killed honestly there
how many How many has he killed he didn't
kill any of course lovers quantity
well and there are some that well that also have
n't been able to be confirmed much he
has never killed anyone ever
disappeared If we go to the  to the to
lovers sorry to lovers no then there have
been other
incidents brother but is brother apart I
'm talking if we are part of How many
killed have re well rillo and also
many are known and the ones that we will never
know How many has he killed are there any
illegitimate children have come out three or
four or more have come out well and one
How do I know that he made a
documentary kill not killed anyone in
that sense then he says one well If we do
n't go there no what could it be that it's that it's
complicated
77 By the way it's 77 the copy won the
Copa del Rey let me know in the chat
they are saying that he is the only one who
was alive at that time Wait wait
is wait triun knows triun knows that
in 77 Betis won the Copa del
Rey you don't know who Marta Riesco was I mean
this is unforgivable I'm
leaving this live I'm left over here that's
very strong that I'm not deero I don't know let's
see if I don't know I know very
few people I'm saying it seriously the other day
you told us that you saw at an
airport I don't know who later I saw but
not seen risk yes  there was puero risk well I
tell you Look well I know her but I do
n't know who she is no that she's normal
that she's normal that she's not Pantoja
you know she's normal she's normal she's normal
Well what I want to tell you is that if you
go to the to the to the part of how many
people How many of her lovers has she killed she hasn't
killed any then they could have killed
this girl I would
ask myself several things first the girl
was 18 years old she had been
involved for 21 years she had 21
desta movies
At what age did this girl start getting
naked on
camera okay with who she hung out with
who I don't know if I'm explaining myself I
mean I'm not saying it for her I'm saying it for the
King other shady people I'm 18 years old 2
dape Look sorry eh Now Sorry it's that she
worked in a brothel they say that she
worked in a brothel that I imagine
also when she was 18 before before she was 18
because that's where it appears in the
movies
Look I want I want to make an
addition to this look exactly about this
girl no and I don't know this case that's why I have
n't spoken absolutely anything I'm going  I'm going to
watch the documentary. I'm going to get informed
because I also like true
crime. But in this case,
you guys are obviously more informed. But with
one person that I did talk to and who
was informed about this subject because I went to the
psychiatric hospital, the convent where she
is admitted, it's Nadiuska. Do you remember
Nadiuska, who was also an
unveiling, she also spoke, she was also
linked to the king. And look, this
lady in Ciempozuelos, which is a
town on the outskirts of
Madrid, which is where Jos
Fernando, Orteg Alcano's son, was also
admitted. There was a convent. Well,
it's a kind of psychiatric hospital,
convent, both things are together. Where
she was admitted, she's been there for
many years. The poor thing is already there. The
last time I went, which was I don't know if it was
two years ago, obviously there are things that ca
n't be published. But well, the
poor thing is already there, she's not here. Look,
someone who was everything, someone who
was also linked to the king.
Nobody visits her anymore because there were
people who were everything at the time,
eh And then in the end, a lot of fame, a
lot of King, a lot of everything, totally
abandoned, no one is going to see her and I don't know, it makes
me feel sorry It's that I
remembered this person too, who
was also one of those who was talked about
But why Why is it said Jos that
behind this death There is mystery I mean,
what is there that is mysterious It's
just that she had something to do with the king if she
really was pregnant and the father
was the king, well, mysterious is how things
are, we're not going either if she was
pregnant, that was also a rumor, I
imagine I imagine that tomorrow in those
official medical papers at
least that rumor will be discarded Ah,
we will know that she was not, look, maybe
the medical report is in there because
in the medical report we would know if she was
pregnant or not Of course, maybe because of a
diusa now that you mention it, you shared a
poster with her, for example, there is a
movie called l Chito with de
more, the green begins the Pyrenees, they
work with diusa and she also makes a
cameo, I mean, they shared Yes, yes, of course,
man, the king was not  silly
but come on No, but it is known that the
king was riding around Iisa on a motorcycle with his
girlfriends with the kings he had
there, that's why the
queen called that's why I
knew it
but that he was being brazen, no I mean it
wasn't like he wanted to kill someone, I don't
know the truth, let's see what they show tomorrow, do you
think this case is going viral? I don't know what
will be said about it, yes, it may be that they
killed her, I think I'm not going to keep
telling you the same thing Despite what
Mar said, let's see and I'll tell you one thing they
are broadcasting it on TEN without
belittling it, of course, TEN is not the same
as if Well, I was going to compare you now, it's
not like the national channels are
having an astronomical audience,
but come on, it's not the same as if they sell it to you
if they suddenly release a bomb tomorrow if they suddenly
release a bomb
tomorrow that everyone says, eh And I'm
here you know Yes, mm
I keep thinking let's see what proof they
bring out, I'll tell you because according to Marta they are
irrefutable But and Well then there's another
thing the issue  testimonies let's see the
subject of testimony goes as far as it goes it's been
50 years people
remember they told me what they told me and they
told me what they told me yes but
but how can we confirm that she
was pregnant there would be a test or
rather part when you die And you are
pregnant that there is another more suitable for you
but that medical report is or Marta
Says that there is another that there are two parts one
and the other that doesn't where but it will be shown
No I mean beyond what
the family says and beyond what has been
told I said what the family says des
you can give the criteria let's see
people talk what they want to talk and
a lot of years have passed the medical report
logically his immediate family had to
know it here no more I mean his father
knew him his father and his mother never spoke
clearly and they never spoke Why
supposedly out of fear because when the
king was for retaliation
don't [ __ ] with me and out of fear How many years
because the king stopped being r a long
time ago the mother died in 2000 2010 was I do
n't remember when  died I don't remember
well let's see when my the fear is
the first years once you see that
it starts happening in the end if it's true and
the father knows that he has died uncle you are a
father but yes but the king emeritus is
starting to lose respect and talk about what you
want to
talk about for a decade I have been a father here well
What are you saying and they kill me decade and kill
my son and take me ahead
with my son but I do not
shut up Yes but a year years at some
point you speak and say no look at you to this
my daughter was killed by the king and you speak and you
say it I highly doubt that a family would
kill their daughter and not say anything It's that
sincerely But he had but he had
Maybe he had more sisters and the fear
comes from there because Of course when they
take everything from you if you if you lose the fear
because you have nothing to lose but if
maybe he has other sisters or
brothers that pel de alccer who came out
talking says that they had threatened
his children and so on and he keeps talking
be a father is a father and a mother is
a mother I don't know  I don't know,
maybe tomorrow there will be
irrefutable evidence, but I still have
doubts about it, honestly, and even
more so after all this time that's passed, we're talking about 77. Well, let's see, I'm going to see why are you going? Oh, today I saw, it's not like we were going because you were there. I set it at 5:30 to be aware of the time in the chat, so we can look for the call Dey
and go to Carmen's office. I
was afraid of talking about this case, because what the
hell Carmen? I was listening to her
live, what she said, that she's a friend
of the family, that this hurts a lot, that
she doesn't want to talk about it, but that's
not fear, it's that she doesn't want to talk
about it, that if the family talks about it, that
happens with many, I mean, we can
see it from many cousins, she's afraid, what you do
n't want to talk about the subject because she
thinks that if we talk about it, it's going to
hurt the family, or she doesn't want to stir up
trouble, I've seen it, I've seen it,
yes, it's true that she's made
excuses. A little long, but no,
maybe it's not fear, maybe it's simply
because  He has dealings with the family and it
compromises them and he doesn't want to and he doesn't feel like it
you know how if any one of us
could be uncomfortable with a topic that
not many people talk about you
often call a deceased relative and they say no no I do
n't want to talk because such Look for
example I wanted to talk to the father
about who killed the [ __ ] gum not to be
now
drummer Diana K Diana K's father said
that he no longer wanted to talk about the subject of
his daughter and that it was a subject that he was not going to
discuss in the media about
Gabriel's no that also gab that he doesn't
want things and content to be released
and so on imagine For example tomorrow I
won't talk Now in 40 years eh there is
someone who has had a relationship with a
relative of Gabriel and out of respect for the
mother who didn't want the
subject to be talked about it comes out saying
human was the girlfriend of Sandra's brother
yes yes I didn't know I didn't know they said
today they said
today and they have a good relationship well it's that of
course maybe they don't have such a good
relationship but it compromises him that it
seems shameful to go on a
program to talk and he's not interested either
And no and  It's not that it's not worth it, why doesn't it
compensate it, of course, and a gift there to the
program, well, nothing dare tomorrow, we'll
see you when the
documentary is over, we'll see you. They
told me at 8, I think 8, but at 8 is the
documentary, I don't know, man, they told me at, I
think they told me at 8, 8 at
9, I don't remember because maybe they'll
stop him and he'll talk for a while,
but how long is the documentary, I don't know, I don't know
either, but you go in person, I'm not going like I'm
going by video call.
Ah, it would have been, it would have been a good
crossover, eh, the trium there with Patio
with Beln Esteban with, because
tomorrow in the documentary those
collaborators aren't there, tomorrow I
think
Hosa will also present it. Look, well, I don't know, let's
see, galiacho, galiacho, very galiacho, very
good. Eh, yes, Well, I've worked, I mean, good, let's
see, well, Man, he'll know something, I
want to tell you, it appears in the
documentary, of course. Yes, it usually appears in almost
everything, it appears by, I've seen this one
later when he gives him the papers, look,
here we have papers and  I read them I don't know I
left it comes out well Jos well I'm going to let you
rest King Hey a pleasant surprise
Uh a pleasant surprise that you've uploaded
a lot the truth is that the truth is that the live
is being like surreal
but it's that Cool right Trio Look it was
already there Look I just finished a live that is talking about the Dana from Valencia I cut it off and I sat down in it I saw that it was there I saw this that the thumbnails come out and I see myself in the program abandoning
you guys I say I'm going to go in I went in and I
know that while the thing is that he's going to give you the
documents and it's on the chat Yeah
surreal I'm telling you I'm going to sit down for a
while to rest because I've had a day, wow, you ca
n't imagine my goodness, triumph
like this topic goes viral also
get ready because you're going to be more in
demand well Pedro
Snchez [ __ ] No you see But I'm also
telling you one thing it's not the time Nor
because right now Don't you think that the
information revolves right now around
everything that totally totally
around what happened  in Valencia
then to release this type of things now
I as a producer would expect basically
everything is paralyzed everything is
totally paralyzed Look at the the show that
we promote er of the
meconios and infoblog already announced too
for example yesterday I saw one that has been
canceled that they have canceled because
things are not right Right now let's see well let's
see the content is the content and
the cinema continues working the
films and we have to keep doing it
people have to keep working of course I mean
look but there are a lot of people that I
'm seeing that are canceling things
but not because some are not
working but because it's like
solidarity for me let's see eh I don't know it's a
shame what has happened there in Valencia
very strong very big and not only in
Valencia mind you I mean in Valencia Elo
main but it makes me feel sorry and in
Albacete I have been watching for example
There are people I have been watching
videos before in I don't remember the name of the
place I was freaking out and I say let's see it's
like the spotlight is always focused which
is normal that it is where the most affected there is
where everything is worse But it always seems to be
forgotten no then other parts no no I mean
because yes  at the
infrastructure level, of course, G there, due to the
magnitude of the incident, no, no, what
has happened, for example, in Baga Enio,
deaths, and such. But it is being
managed well because there has not been a
management as it is being carried out, not
by both parties, by the
central government and by the autonomous government. That is
the number of deaths, the amount of hoaxes
that are coming out. You know what happens, there is so
much, there is so much information
that there is in turn so much misinformation
that it is impossible to cover it all. You see on
Twitter because it is easy, in case you want to
take the official death toll, it is
correct, it is real, it is not false. I am telling you
right now, I have sources on foot, listen to
me, I am saying it, listen to me.
Another thing is that in about a month
that will increase. No, no, no. Of course, let's see, we have
a daily trickle of 0
deaths, it is going to increase, but right now it is
200 and something. Listen to me, the number
of disappearances is real and of those
disappearances, there is a problem with the
disappearance, one thing. It was said that 1,900
disappeared, it was said that  I don't know if we already
know men 600 no no but what's happening
with the disappearances they are managing
poorly many of these disappearances
are duplicates or triplicates or
quadruples people who have called from
different people for the same missing person Oh
yes of course your missing person your brother one
is his grandfather the other his cousin and with the
lack of communication that there has been
many calls have been tripled so
what hasn't been clarified yet is
how many missing people there really are when
we know how much is real of that of
that accumulation of missing people that
exists we will maybe have an idea of
the magnitude but today we don't know
how many missing people there are it's not real but it's
not known how many have died
logically now the figures that there are right now
are what they are to say they are
hiding the dead it's that there are no more
right now but it's very sad because
suddenly a second suddenly you
find yourself on social networks on Twitter
for example eh audio of a civil guard
and it could be Pepito and such and they spread it and it
goes viral And the thing is that we can't
control it we can't control it we can't
control then Jose What is it that
you were saying about the number of
deaths but it's the neighbors themselves, the
affected people, the
people who are there, the different
affected towns are the first to
say that they are, it's their own anger, rage, desperation,
anguish, they say that they are not giving
the real figures, I mean, and they argue, they
argue why there are a
lot of videos that are lies, today I
saw a vamp published, eh,
eh Let's see, I'm going to tell you the truth, I
can tell you with certainty, at least as of
yesterday, today, I don't know because they haven't
talked yet, but as of yesterday, I swear to you.
Really, and trust me because I know where
the
information comes from. In the pavilion where
the bodies are being received, the
number there is is what there is.
A number of bodies have already been delivered to the
people because they have already been identified
through copy styles,
another number is being awaited that will be
identified through DNA, that takes a
little longer and right now what there is is
a constant stream of bodies,
approximately between 6 and 8
daily, but there is not the amount that was
expected. Now, you  I say another thing,
more were expected, even at an official level they were
talking about thousands, eh. What
happens is
that in the parking lot of Buena Aire,
hundreds were expected. There isn't even one. It's already
under construction. Maybe they'll start to
lift the floodwaters, someone might appear, but
for now, from
Buena Aire, I see. They started
sending me. Yes, it's true that at the
beginning when they were saying,
look, the parking lot is flooded, people were
going out to get their cars out, they didn't expect it to
flood and they got
trapped. I did come to think that I
never believed the bus thing
because a bus couldn't get in there in
that water, you can't see it, but I did come to
think that it would be logical that at the
moment of panic, maybe you would get your
car out because nowadays
everyone says, No, I wouldn't have been
clear about it. When the matches end,
everyone scores goals. But you, the truth is, do
you believe that the car, the parking lot
of your house, not even a
shopping center, is going to flood?
Maybe a meter and  you take the car out
because you think that the street isn't going to
flood you're not going to imagine that
this is a catastrophe if they haven't
warned you So it's a mousetrap seeing it
was mud eh I mean it was the
overflows it was what I know l people
are a mixture of garbage branch but well the
La Movida is that yes it's true that already
eh I don't remember I recorded a video in
the morning on Monday or Tuesday
morning at night they had been
sending me videos There are a lot now they
are starting to go viral a lot
more videos of people of workers and
people who were there that afternoon there were
four cats and those who came down made a
show of coming down they saw The pair and and you can
see the parking lot is empty and it has less than 100
cars the parking lot is and and and the people
went up and went to take
shelter upstairs So that's
when I said that I made a video in the
morning you have it here interest gossip that I
said I hope I'm not wrong but
I think that or almost nothing and in the end it
was completely nothing I  I'm telling you
what they told me at the pavilion,
none of them have arrived in good air, in good
air, nothing. Of course, but uh,
how much do you think that because you
told me no, no. I mean, what do you think it's going to be
close to 1,000? No, maybe not when they
start, close to
less, you think less. Listen to me, listen to
me,
uh. And then there's something that we're
forgetting, uh, dead people that they find
now as a consequence of the catastrophe, but
then there's an issue that this is a
separate issue, no, which is
uh, the, I mean, the trauma that this, supposedly, of
course, the trauma that this has meant for
many people who have lost everything, who
have lost family members, we'll see
how they manage it. And if anyone, I
understand that it might cross your
mind, be careful with that, people
are hiding deaths in Spain, you
can't hide
deaths. You tell me. You tell me that they haven't
done it during the pandemic. You tell me that they
did a pandemic, they hid deaths during
the pandemic, they distorted the figure and they
were putting them in on the days that
seemed right to them, in the end, the deaths
say Well I know people who
worked in the a well it's that you and I do
n't know who talks more of the two okay Come on come on
d d d I'll tell you I don't
want to tell you a there's one thing I
want to explain to you a town come on okay
20,000 inhabitants Yeah and your brother
disappears and your brother has
disappeared Yes but yes but well Come on
mediatically I count
mediatically people are going to say there are so many
people missing here Yes but but you how do you know okay Yes of
course my brother has disappeared
brother of so-and-so But how do you know
at general levels really What has
been the I mean I don't know how to explain it to you look
in the pandemic here in Santander I have
two friends a doctor and an assistant who
worked in Valdecilla and they were
perfectly aware of the deaths
that there were in the pandemic of what not and we
go and they saw how they got let's go I don't
want to specify because not but let's go that they
hid here that they hid dead they
hid dead Come on or so that was it let's go it's that they
were putting it in I don't know if
you had the tri they keep saying it later they were
putting it in the days that
interested them But at  the end has to
square at the end of the year with you
talking about the traumas, not that of the
traumas that will have remained with all the
people who have to say that this is not
North Korea that 50 disappear and no one
talks about more than 50 it is not noticeable it is as if they
had never existed No gentlemen,
here if the neighbor who comes down to play
Dominoes with me tomorrow will never come again
I will ask about the neighbor Oh Yes but you
are talking to me you are talking to me about one
not one I do not care
but how is it going to be the same I mean if
you in Spain gave figures every day today
6500 I am not talking to you about this of Ah of This
okay No about this yes about this Yes of course of course
No I am talking to you about this of hiding
here you are not going to be able to hide corpses I
mean you are not going to be able to say 200 have died
and 15 have died No gentlemen it is not going to happen
here in Spain they are going to hide the
dead that is what they start
saying on Twitter and I say but well let's
see but well regarding the subject that you
were talking about the Coco also not about
Mental Health that the  traumas and so on
that people are left with, if it's
happened to us yourselves dealing with the issue and
and and the tough days watching videos
seeing listening to testimony and such that you
've felt bad and you are and you
are on the other side of the Peninsula, I
mean and and and [ __ ] [ __ ] fear and start
to imagine yourself if you see yourself in that situation
if you see yourself with your children Yes, because I
have even entered many times here
dealing with the issue a little anxiety
I am far away you know it must be how it must be
very hard
eh I remember I went to the parking lot I
had to buy I don't know that I entered the
parking lot and and I had a pinch man look
what happens to me yes it happened man
yes very heavy man those people
psychologically apart from the
material
economic issue is that I don't know how many
of them are going to reset again and it's that
the issue of the head I mean I hope they
have free psychological attention
until they need it because no they are not
going to have it No well Well look Well look it
's not to interfere But if I am the one that
is, let's go the one that is, no, I already tell you
that  no, for example, I'm
having it for free because of the issue
of being a relative of someone due to
cancer because these people as a result of
victims or relatives of a person who
has died from a natural disaster
or who have lost there should be
insurance or something that covers eh, let's go,
an ascia Let's go or the government or
whoever takes measures there because I think that
is the most important thing, I mean because it's that
for any of them, I even think that I have
seen a testimony from someone
who was already thinking about I say no
please, I mean it's that I, I go eh
and they are putting up many videos that I don't
know either the people why Record that
because today for example I saw one
on Twitter, I'm not going to tell you the account
but let's go, I saw it and it looks perfect
that I said damn why people
record this that is perfectly
recognizable, I mean, not for you But for
a relative who comes across that video
on Twitter and recognizes their relative
Now Ah people start to appear
because as they are cleaning and they are already
removing debris and so on, people
start to appear under the
debris and today there was a video on  twit
Twitter come on it looked The perfect man
perfect you say you and I [ __ ] people
recording also with the mobile everything dude of
course there are many that are in the sea
because in the sea there is also going to be a lot
In fact recently and the Albufera also
today also the body of the Albufera there is
a constant stream and it is going to last for
many weeks eh It is not going to be from one day
to the next this no no let's go what the
issue of the Dead Ah man of course it can
last a few let's see man if it happens
yes But a time has come when they
decompose and and there is no body and there is no
decomposing body Of course but there is always
something don't be This is going to take This is going to
take weeks and a lot to appear a
second dce says says someone the chat we
have to inform ourselves there is at the disposal of
those affected a psychology team at the
disposal of all those affected
How many affected will there be my volunteers
who go and such Yes now but this is
long term go home because you have to
continue working and living Of course of course of course of
course I have to stay at
home to live and work and the
problem is the community because in the end
this  It depends on the Valencian autonomous community, they are
going to provide a psychologist for
each one, no, I'm telling you no, no,
I'm saying no to you either. But why don't they
send Jos, I was saying it yesterday the day
before yesterday in one of the live streams, I
say damn, the trucks that are here
in Lipas San, which is probably called something else
but they have all these
pressure hoses to clean the streets
and I don't know what. Why don't they start
cleaning and removing the [ __ ] as soon as possible
because the days are going by and I keep
seeing that everything is eating them up. Exactly the
same, it's eating them up, the [ __ ] is eating them up and
where it hasn't even arrived, they
are managing it, they know. Look, it
says a lot, he says that there are
small towns, villages and urbanizations
that have not even been named and it
seems that Porta is being done. I understand other
towns, Alfafar and others that are in
principle the most affected, and they are
becoming the most media-friendly and
automatically the others hardly
have any room. He says that we
feel, they say on the networks, we feel
abandoned, it seems that nothing has happened here.
Of course, eh, you know, quite a lot ago
people already the volunteers but of
course no no how I don't know no ok I mean no they don't
charge that interest at the media level it
seems like they don't exist it's a bit like the same
old thing but well eh now what has to be
fought for what has to be fought for
is so that they don't forget that in the
end within two weeks people will
start to say Hey I'm tired of
this the chain starts to change and
people start to forget about Valencia I don't
think it will happen like what happened in La Palma I do
n't
think it will happen like what
happened in La Palma I do
n't think it's not without belittling what happened in La Palma that swallowing aid the same thing is going to happen with aid it refers not to people attention I think I don't know I don't know I think it's going to be the same and and it's going to be forgotten man an issue in history that
everyone will know what happened
but of course this issue within two months something else will
happen and people are
worried about something else and it's viral something else
Marina and the president and they
vote for him again but yes yes there is a war on
Twitter and Twitter is divided again
whoever wants to grab on  a a a mistakes of
those on the left to criticize
others and those on the
right to criticize others
as if we should
all be United here and and we all make mistakes look
today today they were giving the angel Gaitn a lot of stick
because yesterday in one of the
videos very unfortunate because the
truth is unfortunate It's okay we all make
mistakes Look we all make
mistakes okay eh And and he says let's go
town by town I don't know in what order I don't
know in what order to
go mention the towns in the
replies to the tweet and and and give it a like and I'll
go in the order that they have the
likes
historical hello one thing is he's having some
smoke the gde thing the other day too
but totally
total but but they've been working from
day one there that And that And those are there I mean it
's a
joint he made a mistake he must be in his head
too that he doesn't see he thought it was a good
idea Cris too you're getting carried away
because people are applauding you te
viall is not dedicated to
managing either of course too everyone
can also make mistakes you
know for example
Rubn I  I've seen all the weeks
Ruben That [ __ ] is going to cost him
everyone has done it like
when a drop of oil falls into the water
I've already seen the bathroom in I mean it's
that Rub they have done it
like this let's see let's see let's see
a person who to record himself I don't care about
the explanation I only
stick to that specific act he makes a
mistake
rord right but it's that you've screwed up
[ __ ] for this
moment I say host that you recorded this I come out
stained the other okay you screw up and
then you get out Look there's a mistake of racon and
such and such and the chorus comes out in the bathroom
and the same but they have done it like this look
today for example he released look what I am
not the reputation already and the
credibility I mean this works like this
But it costs a lot to get it and then you
screw it up in a second And it is that it is like that
but look today they released a video
that Tesa is saying it and I have seen it
before I think it was I think it
was Vito kiles But well eh that they
were like him and Alvis in a landfill
that  he pretended to be a
cleaner And it seems he thinks that I
'm not there, I don't believe it but
well Seeing is believing they were throwing away they
were unloading bags with
supposedly donated clothes and showing the clothes
that the clothes were like good quality and
such is that is what we do that is what I
was seeing in the video Eh so of
course it's like the clothes that
people were donating things that while
I was there I don't believe anything That's why I
tell you that that's why you do
n't I For example if I
tell you that I think that Rubn has really gotten
involved and from the heart also a good amount
of work and helping he's screwed up
with that but I think that the one who is
working and giving what he can the emptiness
and look he has sent you he has sent
you tes to the video it's a video Ah okay well it is it's
like what
seemed most impressive to me I know as
if a drop of oil were falling like that or I mean because
But it's also because of ideology for
example they really want Iker and they
have Iker Iker you n more that you bring
these people your program  and what about the
sexa telling him, well, this guy who
thinks he's not a journalist and is fed up with
the anabulum, let's see, man Iker was
wrong Iker was wrong about the
rec pair but the recognition is very good to
recognize it I also put a tit I
also put a t saying oh
my god when you go in the water here he makes a
mistake about the parking and now
all of his friends start to say we've
stopped talking to him, me that the
colonel bathroom I don't know if he read the
Colonel bathroom's Twitter
yesterday no what he posted about the bathroom he's created a
total vacuum I've lost a friend already due to
external circumstances and I'm
leaving here I no longer yes yes if you
want to follow him
follow him [ __ ] Get into the coroner's tit
B you're going to freak out I say this
man what's wrong with him I swear for
look at him look at what I posted yesterday but for
jber for jber man no Why would it
be Put it to jber I helped him at the
time
because I want that  they are brutal That's why I
say that yes but of course not with Iker not
with Iker I mean, of course Iker people
are crazy to work with him apart from that
I really like him the truth I mean I like him a
lot I like him a lot I
'm telling you that he has made
a slip here I don't know anything but I
love Triun
a lot really and Javi's face yes no no
no let's
see yes car that is
out Yes let's see but I'll tell you one thing
also is that at the slightest they are looking for
both each one at the slightest the
slightest mistake frun it's that they kill eh
mat we give it to him on a plate what is the
problem Yes of course of course yes yes yes it is like that
but it's incredible
how they are happy about the slightest mistake they
use it to hurt each other it's
bad that's why and then we go around being the
standard-bearers that we all make mistakes
eh I am the first one let's go but I don't know I don't know
why sometimes it's so hard to do a
little self-criticism of I don't know it seems that he
thinks he was clumsy I think he was
clumsy it was a clumsiness yes yes yes and I
think it's that I don't know
explanations have been given Hey, I've done it, I've done it, that's it, it's
over. Look, who do you
think was the best thing at that moment and that's it?
Yes, what happens, what happens is that he
was talking about his sources, but
he's the one who made the mistake, I mean, do you
understand what I'm trying to say? And his
sources. Of course, of course, but in the end, the
sources, well, but for example, There are a
lot of audios of people crying, people
saying that I went diving and a
lot of people. Why do they do that, man? Because
in these moments you start making
things up, but there's no need to dramatize it, it's
too much trauma, a
15-year-old boy disappears and they call the father to
have fun with him. Hey, people, people are like that, it's
all that we believe that people
are good by nature. No, gentlemen, there are
many people who are not good by
nature. I'm telling you, it's true, no, that's what I
think, that at this moment, no, if you can
see it, how many people are
stealing, how many people I know, well,
that issue is that people are not good, and I'm
also telling you something else, and then there are
more good than bad. That's true,
but that  There are bad people too, there are. Of
course there are, and then it didn't
take long to arrest, for example, this
guy, the one with the stick, it didn't
take long to arrest him. I'm hallucinating for this
type of trifles, people who are
accepted, people who are
angry, that we don't justify violence.
But and then for other things, chic,
wait and see,
eh, that you hit a car of the head of
state,
eh, it's worth arresting you. What
happens is that criminally I think it's not going to
have any repercussions because it's an
exceptional situation, there's going to be
a civil charge because the car was
rented. I suppose it's an exculpatory circumstance,
but I don't know to what extent this situation can be an
exculpatory. In other words, what I
want to tell you is that it comes, or an extenuating circumstance, it's an
exceptional moment, I believe, eh, I believe
that criminally nothing is going to happen to him, he's
a person with no criminal record either. In
addition, violence must
always be rejected, at least physical violence, verbal violence,
at that moment, I believe that the entire
file. We would have told him everything,
physical violence must be rejected, you can't
go and kill a guy.  let's see if you
understand me no matter how much I hate him
we go back to the same thing and no matter how much I
hate him But what is an exim I doubt it
attacking the head of state is a serious thing the
head of state not the president of the
government not the president of the government
head of state of the king buo that also
That also or rather I mean to say it is serious it is
a serious crime we have to be careful
with that because then an exonerating factor Well I don't know
the prosecutor's office acts ex officio let's see It's that they can't stop
Rosita it's that they
can't stop Rosita that you
go to the car where the president
of the government is and beat him up and break the
windows well What about the president don't
break the windows It's that I think that
photo was fake no it wasn't it was It was real
kid the video came out but not his of the
escort his armored one don't [ __ ] with me what would be
missing is that the boss is that they are not
his usual cars apparently
cars that they rented in Valencia of course you
rent a car and you take the
president of the government in a car that
is not armored have we gone crazy or rather
really let's go  if we've done that already
then there's no one here
controlling the controls eh I mean not
here no one drives here or that's what they were
saying today that it wasn't that it wasn't in a
car that isn't armored no
one drives here anymore I'm telling you and taking it
and putting it there in a city right now
that is I am a legend without
law but they were saying today that it's not the usual car he goes to but rather a car that when they arrived in Valencia they gave him that car but the windows aren't as broken as the other one that was seen but the glass he was in has a couple of breaks eh To move
a head of state or a president of the
government from his house to the hospital,
logistics are insane I mean you can't
move a president of no no no
no I'm talking to you without anything strange
Pedro Snchez tomorrow gets appendicitis
and to move him from Moncloa to the hospital
where he's going the logistics are brutal
because you have to move the president of the
government the king too Look how
things are that when the king travels with the
princess who is the heir they can't go
in the same car each one goes in
separate cars because in case one dies there ca
n't be a legal loophole well that
both fail I mean the logistics
of moving a person of this
magnitude is brutal don't [ __ ] with me you
took Snchez and you put him
in in Valencia in a car that I don't
believe it come on and if they did it I tell you
one thing it is to fire the head of
security of the Moncloa Or of the one in charge of
the issue but to fire him for life I mean to
sink the career but but
let's get to the point that I do see it as
normal that it has an impact because
apart from you imagine in front of the rest of the
country how it looks if a guy has
approached the car where the
president is and he has beaten the car no matter
how much you are happy because I know that
right now there is a lot of hatred for Pedro
Snchez and everyone says Well I
wish they had hit him but no you
can't hit the president of the
government or whatever you are telling me
obviously he has to have one I'm not
telling you that he is going to go to jail but
maybe they're going to put a murtaz on him that
[ __ ] pays for the car and hey some
exemplary antecedents and what
calls my attention is that in two days he
has been identified by means of the videos
that are with the mobile phone he has located
how it is right now I am
legend okay and he has already left and he has been
found and he has already been arrested when
pemon was in Barcelona walking
quietly a and he left quietly and
apparently there was no time to
arrest him and they are also looking for who
is J raj
J the bar papers or rather yes of course or
rather that is the thing that calls my
attention I understand that he has to have an
arrest that surely that what
is completely normal we
are talking that my son you have two
balls up with him I think that many
people and I'm sorry if anyone is
bothered by what I'm going to say okay of
course I understand the anger I would
feel if I had lost some of
my relatives but also within the
whole world I'm not saying this man
because I don't know if specifically this man
but of those who were throwing stones and
mud insulting the king or the president there
were a lot  people who were already
crossing the line because they are
violent people and because, well, look, I
take advantage of the open bar here always
and in the demonstrations the violent people
who appear a lot are violent and they
like it that is clear you, I dealt with an
issue do you remember what it was called
that they killed a girl and the
entire town killed the murderer supposed
murderer I don't know Camila Mexico Camila
Camila be it violent people are violent
and that cannot be allowed it is clear
I am against violence what
happens is that we
also have to get into Valencia in that place
where they got into Knowing what has been
set up Knowing right now the disgust that
people had for politicians because
the politicians have not handled the issue I
tell you one thing that we also have to
have the squares I don't know
Someone had a fantastic idea someone
came up with it and they said let's go
there let's I don't know this of course to get it
looked at I will look at the rech
a the car was not armored If you already
tell me that the car was not armored And
then here not to the mos  there's
nobody here we're going without brakes I'm
telling you about the car, the photo is there in
the plural I think it's in several media and they
're saying it's not broken like the other one but
because they didn't hook it the same but I
think it's not armored that's because
an armored car that also has the
windshield with the
sheet metal is not so easy for you to break it
eh to believe
life Jos we'll let you rest
King go well tomorrow tomorrow we'll see you
remind everyone that Jos is here
tomorrow at 8 on ten with our
friends and that there we'll see how
the documentary goes and Hey let's see if it's
an interesting topic
don't comment on the documentary
say that I send you lots of kisses like
Roco Carrasco sent me one day on
TV
co Goodbye always a pleasure Anyway
come on bye ad re
Javi what Hi Hey hey hey
listen to me
Javi you're overcoming life but it didn't turn out
bad we haven't had a
pretty important crossover around here no how much do you
think you can love me I already
told you on the phone
today Tell people what you've told me you
want is  a very big word and we are
colleagues I have one of yours on my phone from
a year or so ago and I'm going to show it to see
what you say just one is the only one I
have yours you would have drunk some
wine Hey you had an exclusive you have
time to give it Yeah but I just can't get over
life I'm no no Of course no Of course
I have time Well to the people who have
seemed son I love you brothers
friends for God's sake although he almost kicked me out it's a
joke that people don't believe it this one
who's going to kick me out If he leaves before I'll
tell you yes Hey but
people are very Cadilla he hasn't behaved
very well with this crossover no Hey but
my Marta over here eh Look she has brightened my
night to be honest I was a little
freaked out with the hope thing But at
what point did you expect that
tonight IB and b are going to have Esperanza Aguirre
a little angry because she's a little
pissed off no And then she
came she has to tell me the time I think
not Look listen to me it's okay it's not
bad that she doesn't come when she tells us the
time  we record And if there's a
nice interview instead of broadcasting it here
in fake live we broadcast it on the
main channel no [ __ ] [ __ ] Esperanza
Aguirre could be but this one But all
the people here if the
main channel is broadcast go watch it on the Main Channel
I hope that the people here are
also subscribed to the main channel you can't
imagine there will be many people
here subscribed who are not subscribed to my
main channel eh
man please tell us that you
found this great live show that Javi I
remind you you didn't like it you liked
the live show or that I'm a little
sad
eh you liked the live show or what Because
I'm a little sad eh I mean I do
n't know yes it says Secret Nel not because of me
Marta eh Not because of me Marta but because it says we have to
Add Aunt Cervera to the
group to Baroness Tisen Well I
have it too Eh
Well I have it well look haven't you seen
what I posted on WhatsApp look at it
please my God Yes yes I have seen it son
that's how you
saw it I don't know I don't
know what painting it is that  I don't know whether to laugh or
cry really is No what block block
life is heavy is heavy is heavy well
tell also the exclusive no Hey Mel
indiscreet the poor thing who announced the
exclusive today indiscreet TV was my
indiscreet phone that's why Thanks to me it became
your indiscreet phone true it's true it's
true of course you forget you forget
about the great scouts it's true true true
true it was it was it was the
intermediary no that brought us together no Ah well
speaking of intermediaries that's the
job we're going to tell you about Canales
Rivera which is that my God I'm
freaking out okay I'm going to tell you because it's that I have to
read it because it's a
bit heavy let's see it turns out it's that I'm
going to I have it how suddenly
Canales Rivera came out again if you
contacted him recently and he didn't want it noo
I'm very far from the media yes yes yes yes yes
Well look do you remember when
a few weeks ago but of course No here there have to be
10000 likes come on with
1300 we can  conform while I'm
telling it that people GIVE the
finger like that but the thing is that people I don't
know I don't know it hasn't been done there haven't been many
members not in this live while we
were chatting they didn't like it
very much not like it goes they have renewed
like look at it you can renew that It's
cheating that renewed is they were already a member and they have
given them the button because you have
given them the idea to press the button
don't say it again because they are going to
give them the button again and they will be there but
if that is renewing for one more month How can you
look at it look at it That is already renewed and YouTube
gives you like that message so that you
send no I mean I don't know very well how that works
but that no no no I don't know no it doesn't
fit me very well that eh Let's see me I I no I
people look they see it they have not given it like
no they have not given away members I don't know
how many people have become members and have
renewed and in total and and you can
look at it no new members Today there are 39
lie that if the [ __ ] I have it there
39 Look you see now you are going to  get angry
star Diaz My for 33 months I'm not
going to put it is already a kiss man that's
many months 33 how long have
people been putting up with me here eh And you don't
deserve it so much And that means that means that it's
another month or that
means that I mean you can see the
people who no longer because I don't know why they
keep renewing it but already because of
pity you You don't have this
feeling anymore with something that you have and you don't
want to lose seniority Because of pity Well
I think that a lot of people put up with me for
that reason because they already say I've been with this [ __ ] for 3 years why am I going to
quit
now
no no or what family out of vice look s I
think it's a mix of Let's see you
as long as you don't talk about the gym I think
everything goes no no no I'm paying attention to everything they've
said eh No we don't
give you so many members Oh what FL was it we
don't give you so many members because
you start talking about your gym and your
diet and we're not interested I swear that
the ladies put that and it's like
really I there are complaints that they  I
understand But well I pay attention to
everything what else do you want
Eh okay let's see Manu my is a fan of
Carmen to me I think he doesn't like me
Man watch Carmen live that they have already
sent me click watch them tomorrow I think
tomorrow V I'm not into those topics eh
Because it's that phew What a horror What a horror
I arrived at a moment today when it
caught me unprepared and without knowing
how the night was going to turn out that I was
about to eh throw myself out
of here with Marina commenting no but
no We don't need that Stop wanting to go
down to if it's not about it's not about
needing But there are bows man not a
diary but there are bows that you say
tomorrow yes I'm going to see it eh tomorrow
but and it seems surprising to me But if you
have already seen it yesterday not a little but there are
more and it seems surprising to me that
28 live broadcasts have not been opened indignant with the with
well and having empathy not with
in this case Johana Morilla
28 live broadcasts have not been opened I send a
message to Johana eh privately Yes yes
but I would have liked them to have been
opened yes  s direct like
when I make a mistake or people think I'm
wrong, I'm not indignant, no,
what happened yesterday seemed very outrageous to me and
to have a lot of empathy, Canales Rivera,
that's what I'm getting into tomorrow,
Canales Rivera, let's see, do you remember? And the
thing is, I don't even know what I'm saying, I
love it, but what happened with text
but they say here, no, no,
Javi will tell you tomorrow, Javi will tell you oh
my goodness, let's see, eh? Why do I keep seeing
Triun on screen here, this with delay,
okay, context Canales Rivera I spoke to
him a few weeks ago and he told me,
no, but here, it's not anywhere, eh?
Marina says, "Look, I'm not interested, I
mean, charming," Josefina says, "A
kiss, I'm here to talk to the chat," she
says, "I've been out of the media for a year and a half,
right now I'm not interested in
doing anything that has to do with
interviews, press and
such," she says because since I love them, I've loved
Josefina a lot, Josefina gave
my sister a super nice album for
wedding photos. Hala, m how nice, if there is
a community here  very nice the
truth yes Well
uh pay attention Then he told me I don't
want to be in anything else or talk about
anything else because I came out very touched this is
heavy please uh people pay close
attention he says I came out very touched from I came out very
touched from slvame and I'm still not
fully emotionally recovered from all
the tricks they gave him because with his
following his partner because he was
supposedly unfaithful the plot with Alba
carrill
and all that stuff Okay so
what's going on that we have
n't heard from him for a year and he tells me Well but
now my life is very good with my
friends with my family in Cadiz I'm very
calm And such But he didn't want to tell me Well that's
what he was living off of
because the money from television just as it
comes in it goes out and lately the truth is
that television pays less and less
well What does Canales Rivera work on now
and how did I find out not from him
obviously Because I've also tried to
talk to him but since he hasn't
answered I assume that he doesn't want to
talk about the subject and when the
characters do that it's because they
're not too turur  proud of the subject which is also
nothing to be ashamed of But
well I'm going to try to explain what it
is okay because it hadn't
remained too much to me either Clearly maybe people
if there are people here from the countryside know it
better But I'm going to tell you
okay Well it turns out that channels
Rivera I'm going eh
channel rera wait Wait wait But
why are you laughing it's a funny job No it's not that
no It's not funny what happens after I
think what happens after is funny no It's not
just funny it's a normal job I
think it's normal but apparently it's not
well seen in Andalusia let's see what
our people tell us that I'm here from
Andalusia damn I do yes yes
you and by the way before saying it that no
S like save me but I have to put it in
context today coincidentally his name has
come to light because Paula Vzquez
said eh without saying his name but it's not like we
were they have revealed that it's him and I
believe it obviously that when she
presented the island of the famous she
met a person who participated
there and who won who was channels Rivera
with him that she had had an affair a
romance a little romance and of course I
had to see him as a contestant and that he
found out that when I had been with him, well,
he was with someone else or he
was married, he hasn't been, no, or he has been
married or he had a partner, what he
had a partner for 4 years and no,
I'm already half broken and I don't know very
well what I'm saying but come on, a picture if I
understood you, I understood you Okay, well,
attention, taxi driver, they're saying around here
only
fans window cleaners, they're not right, he was
married, okay, they're not right, okay. It
turns out that Canales Rivera's job
is what Andalusia calls. You
know,
brokerage. Does anyone know what that is,
but what kind of Andalusian are you, my weapon,
well, or what, what, or what is the
same, well, or what is known, or what
is the same, real estate agent, which is what
many of the
bullfighters who are already retired, etc., do they dedicate themselves to, uh, I'm going to
explain, okay, this is like a
professional. Well, he's dedicated to
carrying out procedures, uh, like of a
commercial nature, he's a bit of an intermediary
between the owners of a property  uh
rustic and a potential buyer who
wants to buy that rustic farm no That is
the definition a bit original but
apparently this worker the one who does the the I will
say the real estate agent is a
job that the people here Correct me
that is not very well seen in
Andalusia says one says I have
imagined him running through the Why What's
wrong with it yes no no I am going to explain I am going to
explain I am going to explain the
situation Because a person has lived
a situation with him as a broker he
as a real estate agent and she as the
owner of a
fairly large rustic farm okay that's why I have
found out about this job and I have
found out about this and yes of course I have
Compared it a bit like another at the
real estate level like a real estate agent
not when he rents sells an apartment Well the one who
takes a percentage Well the
same this person does not Then at the level
of Well of rustic farms Then there is
one that informs me Uh tells me that that
these real estate agents
well no what they do is uh earn a lot of
money in a very easy way
Unlike real estate agents
uh it turns out that this person a relative of
his owns a  farm eh for sale
eh he says he says a person who
later turns out to be Canal Rivera that
this farm already has a buyer and that
um and that well despite the fact that this
family made it clear to Canal Rivera
that at first on the phone it was not
known who it was uh he tells this
family that they did not want intermediaries
because the owner can be made directly
with the buyer not without
intermediaries without the broker he tells him
that they did not want intermediaries because
they were in no hurry to
sell it and they wanted to make a legal sale
that when I explained this to me I
said what happens what is it I understand that
a real estate broker is not illegal no I mean I do
n't know what kind of Chan of yours or what kind of
deal you had with this man but no no
no it's like he didn't know how to explain it to me
well or I didn't understand it
well but he talks to me as if about things that would not
be entirely legal in that sense
no then it turns out that in the end they
really meet and stay and of course they are
in shock when they see that
Canal Rivera appears as a broker as an
intermediary and what he tells me is that
Canal is normally an intermediary what he is
trying to do is uh obviously
sell  eh sell that property find the
buyer and says that LGA channels didn't even
speak he sat there to listen and what he
wanted was to see if I could make the sale
as soon as possible so that he could
take his commission which in these cases
is much higher than a
real estate seller which ranges between 10 and
20% of what is known of the total sale and he
's telling me that the property is
valued at 4 million euros if he
takes 15% 20% eh that he's going to
take 700,000 euros for the sale so of
course that's why he complains about how little they
do and how much they earn without doing practically anything so what he's
saying is
that when he sees the situation he's going to kill boy eh
No he doesn't say that of course this person
tells me when he saw the situation the relative of
this person says that he refused because of
course eh They weren't offering him its
real value and the property had a
much higher market value and well moves
that in the end It's like he wanted to
keep more money well
shady deals that he didn't see Of course he did
n't do  practically nothing and that what he
wanted was to earn without doing anything and he
said a kiss See you later Good morning and that's it We've
reached
10% my goodness of course I don't know if
anyone here knows Yes he says how
real estate agents also do the
same job
eh Yes but as far as I know
real estate agents don't get that much money
no [ __ ] it's that 10 15 my goodness a
lot but they screw them in taxes
but I don't know how they do it
because this person was talking to me about eh
three and 10 Well here it wasn't between
10 and 20 Look, 10 wasn't going to work I was
talking to me between 10 and 20 and it's like
a five is already a lot of money I
mean for that job because you sell
a lot of years I mean a 10
we're talking about 100,000 out of
every 100,000 it's 10 but we're
talking about rural properties that I don't
know but come on I've looked at
when they were going to be sold  cantora and
similar properties there in Medina Idonea they're
worth a fortune there's
obviously everything but it's a barbarity I just
put my house for 20 um gosh what
level I mean I don't know exactly cantora and
well there's going to be everything but it
seems like an
outrage to me it seems like an outrage to me I also want to be a
real estate agent I don't run much but let's say
what is selling I'm good at I
'm running now don't tell don't tell it Sorry excuse me I'm getting excited I
see myself in
the mirror and I get excited Hey Marina Bye So on Friday I have to see you again how lazy is it I'm already fed up with seeing your face it's all that
you are is very
demanding Who has been more demanding today you ...
[ __ ]
already normal We say goodbye on
Wednesday and Marina we'll talk on
Sunday but no no no no Of course tomorrow we'll
have a laugh probably in the
group in our new group in our
new group
of course we can we do a nice
anthem they're in a hurry we can we
relive the moment
eh eh the Esperanza Aguirre moment Yeah
but it's not funny to me
because let's see if he's going to see it why or
someone I know is waiting someone I
know is going to send it to him and then he's not going to
enter you know how people are
okay okay okay I'll see it later
I'll see it later But anyway Hey I'm going to the
salsera okay what's it for to salsify what are
you for why does one go to
the salsera But what for To talk about something
else to see Gemita again And Auron how
lazy No look do you want to know what
songs we have at the salsera pu if you
want to go there now to see us to see you
if I go it's to participate if not
I'll stay watching something else let's see
what komanchi tries to get Twitch to remove the
Beto to the streamers in
Squid Games but they do it to you and everything and I'm
here giving you all the topics done this is
incredible let's see there are days Of course there are
days that yes of course qu It's a joke not
everything but man luar Lu har Marina yesterday
bought a leopard cat and it is
founded that is a great song Roma Gallardo
defends Maris freire from accusations
of machismo No that is very strong chocas
and Dross against Irene Montero well well well
Abi indirect aos how strong Abi
eh sugu Susana sugu Susana called nasi to
rorro and miare against Rubn Jer Where
can I see it from miare against Ah of course her
feminism Ah how strong no her feminism
has nothing to do with it I imagine that of course I have
totally fanaticized because for example
the one from El el de faa
this every time there is a topic like that that is
very viral and that everyone is
talking about it is a disgrace it is a
catastrophe but I don't know if the word
viral would be adequate but what
everyone is talking about He doesn't say he is
with his thing he is with his topic  to
defend his Pedro Snchez where they
get their subsidies from, his
association is this his chingui Ha But where
is seren seen exposed well Well it
turns out I have a tet here he is
today putting j green there that jimz has
sworn to him because he brings fascists to his
program I don't know what and I have here a
tweet of him trying to flatter when
his YouTube channel was created trying to
flatter jimene to see if she would give him the ball
Javi they are saying in the chat no que
no a follower of yours or more or rather
mine says Javi is the brokerage of the
telesalseo gossip caretaje the east the
property broker Well there are of course there are people who
tell me that I don't work because they make
the scripts for me they make me they prepare the
topics and send me the clicks Well there are
people who look down on me and say that I do
n't work that they prepare things for me If you
are here everything else no son but you ca
n't tell us let's go something else no
but they happen if you are here all day
How could I not see you but because he says
but because he says something else No how that
another thing no I can't tell you
anything else look how my Marta has taken care
of my little compliment today all the
guests that are going to come up I'm sure that
Esperanza Aguirre would have ended the
call telling me something but do you think that
tomorrow we will wake up with a message in the
group yes no I have no doubt in
fact I think you told me that she had that
she had another plan I mean she
had the agenda another plan later and
then of course she stopped answering
when she had that plan and when Such
tomorrow she is going to answer us and she is going to
tell us the time V No seriously we are going to
do it eh No yes yes yes yes yes
but let's do it man come on done done
we are sorry we are sorry that it didn't come
out but we are going to do it okay
Marina we will talk a kiss beautiful guys
Thank you very much for the night I am going to
the salsera who wants to go
there we will see each other there a
[Music] big
kiss Oh
[Music]